What you'll do
Are you passionate about developing cutting-edge back end solutions to enhance the consumer-facing experience? As a member of our Engineering organization, you’ll be viewed as a subject matter expert who is capable of taking our competencies to the next level. The work you do will help us to define a best-in-class user experience while positioning Walmart as a cutting-edge company, one that puts innovation at the forefront.    The Senior Software Engineer position is one that calls for a technical expertise that puts the end-user experience at the center. You’ll apply your Javascript and distributed systems competencies to the improvement of existing products and the development of new software solutions at the enterprise-scale. A proven team player and direct report of the Senior Software Engineering Manager, you’ll have the opportunity to provide hands-on leadership while taking an active role in collaborative assessments and design discussions.   Leads and participates in medium- to large-scale projects by reviewing project requirements; translating requirements into technical solutions; gathering requested information (for example, design documents, product requirements, wire frames); writing and developing code; conducting unit testing; communicating status and issues to team members and stakeholders; collaborating with project team and cross functional teams; troubleshooting open issues and bug-fixes; ensuring on-time delivery and hand-offs; interacting with project manager to provide input on project plan; and providing leadership to the project team. Leads the work of other small groups of four to six engineers, including offshore associates, for assigned Engineering projects by proving pertinent documents, direction, and examples; identifying short and long term solutions and timeline; reviewing and providing feedback for proposed solutions; and performing design and code reviews of changes. Troubleshoots business and production issues by gathering information (for example, issue, impact, criticality, possible root cause); engaging support teams to assist in the resolution of issues; formulating an action plan; performing actions as designated in the plan; interpreting the results to determine further action; performs root cause analysis to prevent future occurrence of issues; and completing online documentation. Provides support to the business by responding to user's questions, concerns, and issues (for example, technical feasibility, implementation strategies); identifying short- and long-term solutions; facilitating resolutions; and leading cross-functional partnership. Leads the discovery phase of medium to large projects to come up with high level design by partnering with the product management, project management, business and user experience teams; and obtaining cross-function approvals. Demonstrates up-to-date expertise and applies this to the development, execution, and improvement of action plans by providing expert advice and guidance to others in the application of information and best practices; supporting and aligning efforts to meet customer and business needs; and building commitment for perspectives and rationales. Provides and supports the implementation of business solutions by building relationships and partnerships with key stakeholders; identifying business needs; determining and carrying out necessary processes and practices; monitoring progress and results; recognizing and capitalizing on improvement opportunities; and adapting to competing demands, organizational changes, and new responsibilities. Models compliance with company policies and procedures and supports company mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity by incorporating these into the development and implementation of business plans; using the Open Door Policy; and demonstrating and assisting others with how to apply these in executing business processes and practices. What You’ll Bring: Specialization in Javascript, HTML5, CSS Experience with modern Javascript frameworks (e.g., React, AngularJS, Vue) Experience with modern unit testing frameworks (e.g., Mocha, Chai) Deep understanding of front-end architecture and data-driven development Ability to work with designers to develop dynamic user experiences A strong sense of ownership Strong knowledge of modern front-end build systems and languages (Webpack, ES6, Babel, etc) Experience building or maintaining a production node.js application An ability to balance a sense of urgency with shipping high quality and pragmatic solutions Experience working with a large codebase on a cross functional team Interest or experience in building large scalable front-end systems   You’ll sweep us off our feet if…  You’re a self-starter who balances technical thinking with people-oriented solutions.   You’re passionate about leveraging today’s technologies to create best-in-class user experiences.  You are process-driven, understanding of today’s infrastructure and able to operate with efficiency.    Minimum Qualifications...Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor of Science and 5 years' experience in software engineering OR Master of Science 2 years' experience in software engineering Preferred Qualifications...Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications. Building system requirements, Information Technology, Project Management, Troubleshooting Information Technology - CISCO Certification - Certification
Minimum Qualifications
Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor of Science and 5 years' experience in software engineering OR Master of Science 2 years' experience in software engineering
About Walmart
At Walmart, we help people save money so they can live better. This mission serves as the foundation for every decision we make, from responsible sourcing to sustainability—and everything in between. As a Walmart associate, you will play an integral role in shaping the future of retail, tech, merchandising, finance and hundreds of other industries—all while affecting the lives of millions of customers all over the world. Here, your work makes an impact every day. What are you waiting for?

All the benefits you need for you and your family

Multiple health plan options

Vision & dental plans for you & dependents

Associate discounts in-store and online

Financial benefits including 401(k), stock purchase plans and more

Education assistance for Associate and dependents
