What you'll do
Lead the preparation of global tax accounting and reporting, including calculating the effective tax rate, current and deferred tax provisions, taxes payable and related disclosures. Lead quarterly ASC 740 global income tax accounting process.  Lead frequent internal management tax reporting process including global tax forecasting Report and communicate planning and results directly to tax and finance executive leadership Coordinate and communicate directly with other executive leadership across the business including foreign market tax teams, controllership, technical accounting, and FP&A Oversee all tax SOX related documentation and support. Assist coordinating global tax planning, transactional, and compliance efforts. Support new business initiatives/launches by analyzing tax accounting implications. Research and resolve tax technical and tax accounting issues and draft supporting memoranda. Assist coordinating global tax technology transformational efforts Assist coordinating with local-country tax teams to resolve tax technical issues Participate in and/or lead global finance initiatives Provide supervision and development opportunities for associates Ensure compliance with company policies and procedures and support company mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity Preferred Qualifications 7 year of supervisory experience 10+ years of experience in income tax accounting or related field Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Public accounting or large public company experience Experience with Onesource Tax Provision software Master's degree in Accounting or related field Minimum Qualifications...Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance, or related field and 5 years’ experience in accounting, income tax compliance, payroll tax, or related area OR 7 years’ experience in accounting, income tax compliance, payroll tax, or related area. 3 years’ supervisory experience. Preferred Qualifications...Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications. Leading cross-functional projects, License to practice law in at least one state J.D., Masters: Accounting, Masters: Business, Masters: Economics, Masters: Finance, Masters: Law Certified Public Accountant (CPA) - Certificate
Minimum Qualifications
Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance, or related field and 5 years’ experience in accounting, income tax compliance, payroll tax, or related area OR 7 years’ experience in accounting, income tax compliance, payroll tax, or related area. 3 years’ supervisory experience.
About Walmart
At Walmart, we help people save money so they can live better. This mission serves as the foundation for every decision we make, from responsible sourcing to sustainability—and everything in between. As a Walmart associate, you will play an integral role in shaping the future of retail, tech, merchandising, finance and hundreds of other industries—all while affecting the lives of millions of customers all over the world. Here, your work makes an impact every day. What are you waiting for?

All the benefits you need for you and your family

Multiple health plan options

Vision & dental plans for you & dependents

Associate discounts in-store and online

Financial benefits including 401(k), stock purchase plans and more

Education assistance for Associate and dependents
