What you'll do
Summary: The associate would represent Legal Investigations on the Significant Case Team, which is a cross-functional team responsible for evaluating enterprise risk resulting from significant violations of our standards of conduct, including violations of law and regulations globally, and determining the appropriate resources needed to investigate a matter. The position will also require the case management of significant ethics matters.   A successful candidate will have: Substantial legal experience, preferably prosecutorial experience and/or experience working with law enforcement/regulators. Experience conducting investigations. Experience evaluating and assessing risk. Ability to maintain and monitor corporate governance. Minimum Qualifications...Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications. Minimum Qualifications: Law degree from an accredited law school and 5 years’ experience in law. Preferred Qualifications...Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications.
Minimum Qualifications
Minimum Qualifications: Law degree from an accredited law school and 5 years’ experience in law.
About Walmart
At Walmart, we help people save money so they can live better. This mission serves as the foundation for every decision we make, from responsible sourcing to sustainability—and everything in between. As a Walmart associate, you will play an integral role in shaping the future of retail, tech, merchandising, finance and hundreds of other industries—all while affecting the lives of millions of customers all over the world. Here, your work makes an impact every day. What are you waiting for?

All the benefits you need for you and your family

Multiple health plan options

Vision & dental plans for you & dependents

Associate discounts in-store and online

Financial benefits including 401(k), stock purchase plans and more

Education assistance for Associate and dependents
