What you'll do
Assists with the creation of area Quality loss profile analysis and performance metrics. Develops gap analysis to support WPS integration.
Assists with the tactical deployment of the Quality Excellence WPS program methodology. Manages project execution of top Quality losses in the functional area and assists in building the capability of other area managers and associates.
Compiles and submits deviations to existing One Best Way playbooks and provides input to Divisional Focused Improvement Teams on project ideation and replication opportunities.
Coordinates, completes, and oversees job-related activities and assignments
Delivers expected functional area results through Key Performance Indicator (KPI) analysis, loss elimination, and
Ensures compliance with company policies and procedures and supports company mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity
Leads Process Improvement tools and methods (for example, 5S, root cause analysis, six sigma, time and motion studies) to eliminate Quality losses and deviations in an area within a Distribution Center according to Network Process Structure using Walmart Performance System (WPS) programs.
Leads Quality-related savings projects within area of responsibility
Promotes and supports company policies, initiatives, procedures, mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity. Demonstrates up-to-date expertise and applies this to the development, execution, and improvement of action plans
Provides supervision and development opportunities for associates
Supports Department Managers with WPS programs, projects, associate engagement and KPI improvements within process area.
Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor s Degree in Engineering or prior experience in Quality or Process Improvement
Microsoft Office Suite, analytical skills
Preferred Qualifications
Co-Op/Internship in Manufacturing, Supply Chain, or Distribution with experience applying basic Lean/Continuous Improvement Tools.
Possess applied knowledge of a functioning Quality Management System elements including Statistical Process Control, FMEA, Quality KPIs, etc.
About Walmart
At Walmart, we help people save money so they can live better. This mission serves as the foundation for every decision we make, from responsible sourcing to sustainability—and everything in between. As a Walmart associate, you will play an integral role in shaping the future of retail, tech, merchandising, finance and hundreds of other industries—all while affecting the lives of millions of customers all over the world. Here, your work makes an impact every day. What are you waiting for?

All the benefits you need for you and your family

Multiple health plan options

Vision & dental plans for you & dependents

Associate discounts in-store and online

Financial benefits including 401(k), stock purchase plans and more

Education assistance for Associate and dependents
