Location:  Budapest, BU, HU
Company:  ExxonMobil
Long Description
ExxonMobil is looking for the best and brightest people with exceptional talent and incredible drive. In exchange for commitment, integrity, innovation and leadership, ExxonMobil provides a challenging and rewarding long term career with numerous opportunities.


ExxonMobil established the European Business Support Center in Budapest in 2004, employing currently more than 800 people in the Controller’s department. It has become an indispensable service provider for ExxonMobil affiliates in Europe, Africa and the Middle East. The Controller’s department is looking for energized and intelligent candidates who enjoy a dynamic work environment with many challenges, and who want to position themselves for a long term career with a well-established international company.

Benefits:

Variety of benefit elements to support and protect your health and financial wellbeing
Interesting work in an international environment
Range of career opportunities at one of the largest and most successful companies in the world
Daily contact with international counterparties
Opportunities to enhance communication and language skills
Opportunities for job specific and broader career development trainings
Opportunities to develop experience in the organization

Requirements:
Ability to work full-time (40 hrs/week)
Bachelor/Master degree (or pending degree with only the final exam outstanding) in Finance, Economics, Accounting or equivalent with 0-2 years relevant work experience (in accounting, finance, payroll, tax, treasury or other relevant experience)
Accounting background with minimum of 3 semesters of accounting or finance studies (and strong understanding of it)
Fluent level of English and second European language, besides Hungarian, is encouraged (i.e.: Italian, French, German, etc.)
Demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills
Willingness to take self-initiative and seek challenges
Ability to influence others and work in a team environment
Strong communication and interpersonal skills
Proven record of initiative, leadership and academic achievement
Attention to accuracy and detail and ability to meet priorities and deadlines

Job Segment: Financial Analyst, Corporate Finance, Payroll, Tax, Treasury


Job Role Summary


An analyst will be responsible for operational, general, payroll or financial accounting activities including end-to-end processing, issue resolution and process improvements. Individuals may be responsible for the activities of specific countries and hence knowledge of a second European language is desirable. Demonstrated performance will lead to opportunities for increasing responsibilities and more job complexities across the financial organization.

Specific responsibilities could include:

Partnering with the business operations to ensure the completeness of volumetric and commercial accounting records;
Completing financial accounting and reporting activities for several countries;
Collaboration with external service providers to deliver end to end payroll process (e.g. gross to net, tax and social security accounting, HR accounting, employee's customer service) for multiple countries in EMEA region;
Reconciliations and investigation of items for prompt resolution;
Preparation and analysis of monthly and quarterly key performance indicators.

Corporate Separateness Notice
Nothing in this material is intended to override the corporate separateness of local entities. Exxon Mobil Corporation has numerous affiliates, many with names that include, but are not limited to, ExxonMobil, Exxon, Esso and Mobil. For convenience and simplicity in this Site, those terms and terms like corporation, company, our, we and it’s are sometimes used as abbreviated references to specific affiliates or affiliate groups. Abbreviated references describing global or regional operational organizations and global or regional business lines are also sometimes used for convenience and simplicity. Similarly, ExxonMobil has business relationships with thousands of customers, suppliers, governments, and others. For convenience and simplicity, words like venture, joint venture, partnership, co-venturer, and partner are used to indicate business relationships involving common activities and interests, and those words may not indicate precise legal relationships.


Job Segment: Tax, Financial, Corporate Finance, Financial Analyst, Payroll, Finance
