Location:  Brussels, BRU, BE
Company:  ExxonMobil


Organization


The job opening is in European Technology Center (ETC), as pilot plant technician.

The work will focus on operating pilot units and the analyses of the products retrieved from these tests. Pilot units are small replicas of parts of commercial plants operating at elevated temperature and pressure, and are used for manufacturing support and R&D programs.



Requirements


We are looking for people with a bachelor’s degree in chemistry, chemical engineering or mechanical engineering.



Strong focus on safety
Interest in multi-disciplinary job (pilot unit operation, distillation, wet chemistry experiments and multiple analysis techniques)
Basic MS office skills
Working accurate and have eye for detail
Good communication skills (language skills include Dutch and English)
Team player (being flexible and help team members when needed)
Taking initiative and being pro-active
Scope


The pilot plant technician will be responsible for operating a pilot plant including sample analyses. The analyses involve GC, titrations and other wet chemistry techniques or managing sample logistics when analyses are being executed in other internal or external labs. Working on a pilot unit requires the technician to prepare feed and its transfer to feed vessels, adjust running conditions to meet the required specifications and take samples. Pilot unit troubleshooting requires root cause analysis based on understanding of the chemistry and mechanical specifications and configuration of the equipment. Small and larger scale distillations (up to 6 liter) can also be part of the work scope to retrieve specific product fractions.

The scope of the performed experiments are set by the Technology organization based on manufacturing and R&D program’s needs. Process Development Engineers provide background and instructions upfront as well as update work progress and provide technical support on daily basis with the technician.






Job Segment: Technician, Engineer, Chemical Research, Mechanical Engineer, Chemical Engineer, Technology, Engineering
