ExxonMobil is one of the largest publicly traded international oil and gas company, and an industry leader in the petrochemical business. We operate facilities and market products in most countries and explore for oil and natural gas in virtually every region in the world.



In Malaysia, we are involved in significant oil and gas production operations and the marketing of chemical products. We also host a global business and technology center in Kuala Lumpur that provides high-level information technology and engineering expertise to ExxonMobil’s upstream, downstream and chemical businesses worldwide.



What you will be doing

From day one of your internship, you can expect to apply your knowledge and experience in a real business setting. You will be given an opportunity to prove yourself through challenging assignments. During your internship at ExxonMobil, you will gain valuable work experience, skills and knowledge that will take you a long way in your future career.



At ExxonMobil, we believe in continuous learning and development. As an intern, you will be provided not only with on-the-job training, but also mentoring and coaching by your supervisors. Finally, an internship with ExxonMobil will show you what the world's leading petroleum and petrochemical company is like from the inside.



What you should have

Currently pursuing a Bachelor or higher Degree (in any field of study) in a recognized institution of higher learning, with good academic achievements
Self-motivated with good demonstrated leadership and communication skills
Strong technical attributes (e.g. attention to details, highly organized and good math/analytical skills)


Application Requirement

Kindly indicate your internship availability period in your cover letter and resume.



Please be informed that only shortlisted candidates will be notified, and you can find out more about our hiring process here.



We thank you for your interest in ExxonMobil.



Follow us on social media:
Facebook: exxonmobilmalaysiajobs
Twitter: exxonmobiljobs
Instagram: exxonmobil_careers.my






Job Segment: Engineer, Engineering, Research
