Summary
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish.  

Do you love taking on big challenges without precedent? Do you possess a deep knowledge of the legal field and a passion for innovation? We do, and as a part of our Legal group, you’ll help uphold Apple’s high ethical and corporate standards. Working for a company that invents entire categories and industries means you’ll be challenged to creatively apply your deep legal expertise to rare and often unexplored aspects of the law. Together with your team, you’ll provide the critical support needed worldwide for all Apple products and businesses.

Apple is looking for an experienced payments attorney to join Apple’s Legal Department to support the Apple Pay and Wallet team.
Key Qualifications
Significant experience providing product counseling for mobile wallets, contactless cards, payments systems, alternative payments, and other related services
Significant experience in drafting and negotiating complex commercial agreements and end-user terms
Knowledge of laws and regulations applicable to mobile wallets, electronic payments, e-commerce and consumer financial services
Knowledge of laws and regulations applicable to collecting, storing, and using personal financial information preferred
Experience working in a regulated environment or with governmental entities preferred
Ability to learn quickly and support new areas of regulation and technology
Strong client development and interpersonal skills
Strong work ethic and collaboration skills essential
Experience working in an international team a plus
6+ years of relevant experience
Description
Primary responsibilities include advising the Apple Pay & Wallet management team on a wide range of issues related to offering and using various types of digital cards in mobile wallets, including credit, debit and prepaid cards. Must be able to dig into complex legal issues and take ownership of drafting and negotiating agreements. Responsibilities will include advising on (a) the legal aspects of Apple’s relationships with third parties participating in Apple Pay or Wallet, (b) the contract structure and commercial terms for Apple’s partners and customers, and (c) the expansion of Apple Pay and other services in Wallet. The candidate will need to both work well as part of a close-knit local team while also working with remote teams in the US, Asian, Europe and around the world.
Education & Experience
JD or equivalent from a top-tier law school and excellent academic credentials.
