Summary
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish.

The people here at Apple don’t just create products — they create the kind of wonder that’s revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that inspires the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it.

We are looking for superstar interns for Summer 2021.
Key Qualifications
We are looking for diverse interns who thrive in a fast-paced environment and have the passion and energy to leave their mark by the end of their internship. Overall, we look for skills and qualities such as hard working, humble, smart, funny, have great attention to detail, innovative, collaborative, analytical, hands-on, inquisitive, quick learner, and sharp communications (written and verbal).
Pro-active; striving to go above and beyond what is required for the role. Ability to prioritize well and tackle challenges enthusiastically
Innovative; continuously seeking to enhance and redefine the approach needed to grow business while delivering perfectly on all priority projects
Amazing attention to detail
Results-oriented, persistent, and meticulous
Adept at handling a varying workload and high volume of information
Sharp written and verbal communication and organizational skills required
Resourceful, highly organized with the ability to meet deadlines, and completion of tasks and projects assigned.
Description
Within Apple, these teams support various lines of business with a mixture of non-technical and technical roles. The people here are a unique mix of backgrounds, experiences, and skills. The teams here are full of dynamic and full of incredibly smart, hardworking, and fun people passionate about technology, digital media, arts and entertainment.

If you're excited to join one of the most successful companies in the world, then we'd love to hear from you. Let’s do our best work together.

As an intern, you will learn, grow, and contribute to Apple’s business while working on exciting projects alongside top professionals.

We truly believe that at Apple, you will do your life’s best work.

Internships are based in SCV and Culver City.

INTERNSHIP OPPORTUNITIES ARE AVAILABLE WITHIN THE FOLLOWING AREAS:
-  Finance

-  Legal

-  Wellness

-  Environment, Policy, & Social Initiatives

-  Marketing

-  Business

-  Creative
Education & Experience
Students pursuing an undergraduate or graduate students across all departments (marketing, engineering, business and finance, music & film, legal, communications, economics, etc.) graduating on or after May 2022.
Additional Requirements
Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
