Job Description
As the senior consultant you assist the Transformation Legal team, and the Senior Advisor Transformation – Information Governance in implementation. You will assist in the maintenance of, and adherence to the organization’s policies and procedures covering Third Party use, access to, and disclosure of competitively sensitive information, protected health information and personally identifiable information (collectively “Confidential Information”) in compliance with our best practices and policies, obligations under several regulatory orders and our commitments to clients, customers, and regulators.

A priority function for this role will be to support the operations of the Third Party Information Governance function and associated intake processes. This will entail training new requests for completeness and ensuring the request is routed appropriately to the individual reviewers.

A function of this role will be to help support, consult on, and audit the design and implementation of new Third Party Information Governance controls created to govern the flow of data and information between CVS Health business units and Third Parties that receive CVS confidential data to ensure compliance with internal and external requirements.

Required Qualifications
2+ years of excpereince in compliance, audit and/or governance

Preferred Qualifications
-Experience of privacy, security, and information governance standards and commitments applicable to CVS Health and its various business segments, and the ability to analyze.
-Experience of compliance monitoring and/or auditing principles.

Education
Bachelor's degree required

Business Overview
At CVS Health, we are joined in a common purpose: helping people on their path to better health. We are working to transform health care through innovations that make quality care more accessible, easier to use, less expensive and patient-focused. Working together and organizing around the individual, we are pioneering a new approach to total health that puts people at the heart.


We strive to promote and sustain a culture of diversity, inclusion and belonging every day. CVS Health is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate in recruiting, hiring or promotion based on race, ethnicity, sex/gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability or protected veteran status or on any other basis or characteristic prohibited by applicable federal, state, or local law. We proudly support and encourage people with military experience (active, veterans, reservists and National Guard) as well as military spouses to apply for CVS Health job opportunities.
