Job Description
Omnicare, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of CVS Health Corporation. www.cvshealth.com What We Do Directly, and through our subsidiaries, Omnicare provides a broad array of pharmacy-related services to long term care facilities and to other customers in the healthcare environment. While senior care has long been an Omnicare specialty, we also serve other targeted populations.

Are you looking for a fast paced and dynamic

Do you have a passion for helping others?

As an Intern for our Long Term Care Pharmacy, you will work in an exciting, dynamic and fast paced environment, ensuring the continuation of pharmacy management's goals and objectives within the dispensing pharmacy. You will work under the direct supervision of a registered pharmacist, the pharmacy student intern may provide pharmaceutical care to patients in a variety of clinical or pharmacy settings. This may include: patient interviews and counseling;communication with physicians, nurses and other health care team members to solve medication related problems; compounding of intravenous medications; and drug information.

Key Responsibilities:
Adhere to all pertinent local, state, and federal pharmacy regulations.
Perform sanitation and maintenance of the clean room area.
Perform pharmaceutical infusion compounding activities.
Participate in pharmacy quality control and performance improvement activities.
Perform pharmacy inventory control.
Respect the privacy, confidentiality, and security of patient information and property

Required Qualifications
High School Diploma/GED
Pharmacy Student

Preferred Qualifications
Currently enrolled in pharmacy school

Education
Enrolled in pharmacy program

Business Overview
At CVS Health, we are joined in a common purpose: helping people on their path to better health. We are working to transform health care through innovations that make quality care more accessible, easier to use, less expensive and patient-focused. Working together and organizing around the individual, we are pioneering a new approach to total health that puts people at the heart.

We strive to promote and sustain a culture of diversity, inclusion and belonging every day. CVS Health is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate in recruiting, hiring or promotion based on race, ethnicity, sex/gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability or protected veteran status or on any other basis or characteristic prohibited by applicable federal, state, or local law. We proudly support and encourage people with military experience (active, veterans, reservists and National Guard) as well as military spouses to apply for CVS Health job opportunities.
