Position Description
No industry is moving faster than health care. And no organization is better positioned to lead health care forward. We need attention to every detail with an eye for the points no one has considered. The rewards for performance are significant. You'll help improve the health of millions. And you'll do your life's best work.(sm)


Develop and maintain windows, web and web services based business software applications, systems, components and database objects using Microsoft .NET technologies based on requirements and specifications to support LHI's business operations.



You'll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere in the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.


Primary Responsibilities:

Develop software programs and components using VB.NET, ASP.NET, SQL and other software development tools and technologies per assigned tasks
Debug, test, and troubleshoot written software programs and components
Study training materials on .NET development, programming standards, application architecture, business processes, and functional areas of LHI's business applications
Adapt to new programming languages, methodologies, platforms and frameworks to support the needs of LHI’s software projects
Adhere to Agile software development methodology


You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.


Required Qualifications:

Associate’s Degree or higher
United States Citizenship
Technical skills including good understanding of software development methodologies and principles
Working knowledge with Object Oriented programming languages like VB.NET, C# or Java
Preferred Qualifications:

Ability to perform assigned software development tasks using established standards and procedures with some supervision
Experience with .NET technologies including VB.NET or C#, ASP.NET, ADO.NET, Web and Web/WCF Services
Experience with n-tier .NET SQL database application architectures
Experience with Angular, Bootstrap, MVC, Web API applications
Working knowledge with .NET/SQL development tools including Visual Studio, SQL Management Studio and Team Foundation Server
Knowledge of SQL Server and relational database modeling concepts
Working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite products
National Career Readiness Certificate
Proven analytical and problem solving skills, detail oriented
Good written and oral communications skills
Highly motivated, passionate, team-player
Ability to meet scheduled task requirements within assigned deadlines
Ability to work with others in a fast paced environment
Careers with LHI. Our focus is simple. We’re innovators in cost-effective health care management. And when you join our team, you’ll be a partner in impacting the lives of our customers, and employees. We’ve joined OptumHealth, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of companies, and our mission is to help the health system work better for everyone. We’re located on the banks of the beautiful Mississippi River in La Crosse, Wis., with a satellite office in Chicago and remote employees throughout the United States. We’re supported by a national network of more than 25,000 medical and dental providers. Simply put, together we work toward a healthier tomorrow for everyone. Our team members are selected for their dedication and mission-driven focus. For you, that means one incredible team and a singular opportunity to do your life’s best work.(sm)


*All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group's Telecommuter Policy.

Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.


UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.



Job Keywords: LHI, Optum, UHG, La Crosse, WI, Wisconsin, Software Developer, Agile, .NET
