Position Description
If you want to achieve more in your mission of health care, you have to be really smart about the business of health care. Financial discipline and accountability count more today than ever. Which is why your performance and innovation will find a reception here like nowhere else as you help people live healthier lives while doing your life's best work.(sm)



The Associate Finance Director is responsible for various financial functions including business analytics, metrics reporting and ad-hoc analysis. This person will also create in-depth financial models and analysis of company financial and operational metrics to evaluate and influence numerous aspects of the company's business performance.

Primary Responsibilities:

Lead the financial management of ORx IT SG&A expense and develop metrics, benchmarks and analytics to guide the appropriate investments in alignment with Enterprise product strategy
Lead and mentor team of Analysts
Lead and Manage quarterly IT forecast process and work cross functionally to ensure alignment with Optum Tech
Partner with business, IT, and finance leaders to understand and control SG&A expenses
Review Capital investments and track benefits
Partner with accounting on month end close
Partner with BU & segment finance to ensure cost management and investments are reasonable and aligned with defined performance targets and financial thresholds
Analyze and synthesize IT operating expense trends to identify savings opportunities and collaborate with cross functional teams to drive progress against these opportunities
Proactively seek opportunities to improve processes and identify areas of improvement
Work closely with the business to develop, recommend and establish strategies, plans, and processes to improve profitability and cost efficiencies
Lead development of business / financial case for specific initiatives, capital investments and new business opportunities
Assist in prioritization of investment for the business, providing recommendations based on financial and non-financial targets
Act as subject matter expert on the IT supported segment & apply in-depth knowledge of the business for recommendations to management
Perform Enterprise Cost Management reports for month-end close and quarterly forecasting on behalf of the supported segment
Complete standard variance analysis and research variance drivers and explain cause-effect relationships
Analyze Workforce / FTE trends and enhance FTE reporting and insights through a closer partnership with business units during forecast cycles
You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.

Required Qualifications:
Undergraduate degree in Accounting, Finance, or related field
7 or more years of progressive financial planning and analysis experience
Intermediate to advanced Microsoft Excel proficiency (Pivot tables, VLookups, Macros)
Intermediate to advanced level of proficiency with PowerPoint
Ability to manage and synthesize large amounts of data
Strong analytical skills and business acumen
Trusted advisor and partner to those we serve in the business
Natural curiosity to learn more, dig into details, understand key drivers of our business
Knowledge of GAAP, fundamental financial concepts and procedures
Experience prioritizing & managing demanding workloads with concurrent deadlines
Ability to act decisively and proactively, anticipating change, and modify plans/timetables as needed
Ability to use proper discretion when dealing with confidential information exhibiting a high level of integrity
Preferred Qualifications:

Excellent interpersonal relationship building and communication (written and verbal) skills
Assertive, self-starting personality with a customer service attitude
Ability to deal with ambiguity and change

UnitedHealth Group is working to create the health care system of tomorrow.

Already Fortune 6, we are totally focused on innovation and change. We work a little harder. We aim a little higher. We expect more from ourselves and each other. And at the end of the day, we're doing a lot of good.

Through our family of businesses and a lot of inspired individuals, we're building a high-performance health care system that works better for more people in more ways than ever. Now we're looking to reinforce our team with people who are decisive, brilliant - and built for speed.

Come to UnitedHealth Group, and share your ideas and your passion for doing more. We have roles that will fit your skills and knowledge. We have diverse opportunities that will fit your dreams.

Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.


UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
