Position Description
Bring us your experience, your head for strategy, your strength with relationships and your eye for opportunity. In return we offer an unmatched place to grow and develop your career among a richly diverse group of businesses driven by the power and stability of a leading health care organization. Come help us heal and strengthen the health care system as you do your life's best work.(sm)

Provide legal advice and services on issues concerning the rights, obligations, risks and privileges of the organization



Protect the organization's rights in contract negotiations, settlements and litigation



Acquire deep knowledge of the industry and the specific business practices of this particular business within UnitedHealth Group so as to best advise senior business leaders



Provide a full range of legal advice and services and may specialize in one of more areas such as mergers and acquisitions, transactional work, commercial law, contracts law, benefit law, insurance law, regulatory and compliance

Manage all aspects of affirmative and defensive litigation and arbitrations involving the company; provide legal counsel in connection with internal investigations and responses to government inquiries; and provide legal advice on complex and sensitive matters regarding various laws applicable to health care



This position reports directly to Deputy General Counsel






Required Qualifications:



Juris Doctorate degree

5+ years of combined litigation and investigations experience with a law firm, in-house legal department or government office



Knowledge of health care and/or regulatory law



Must have experience managing complex litigation and investigations and drafting filings in courts and arbitration forums



Experience handling complex commercial litigation cases for plaintiffs or defendants as a law firm partner/associate or as a prosecutor with the government.



Must be willing and able to work out of the office full-time and live within a commutable distance of one of the locations listed



Preferred Qualifications:



Significant trial, arbitration and negotiation experience



Experience interacting with regulatory and law enforcement agencies



Familiarity with FCPA, UK Anti-Bribery Act and related international analogs.



Familiarity with False Claims Act, Anti-Kickback Statute, Stark Law, HIPAA, ERISA, and various other healthcare laws and regulations, as well as Medicare, Medicaid and commercial insurance plans



Understanding of health care benefit coverage and medical policy development



Strong understanding of health insurance and/or managed care industry



Strong understanding of business, accounting and finance topics



Well developed written and verbal communications skills



Excellent presentation skills



Proven success in collaborating across a matrixed business and legal environment



Demonstrated understanding of business problems related to assigned legal projects



Ability to evaluate and determine appropriate legal course of action to meet business unit needs



Ability to build and maintain rapport with superiors, peers, subordinates, and external company contacts








Careers with UnitedHealthcare. Let's talk about opportunity. Start with a Fortune 6 organization that's serving more than 85 million people already and building the industry's singular reputation for bold ideas and impeccable execution. Now, add your energy, your passion for excellence, your near-obsession with driving change for the better. Get the picture? UnitedHealthcare is serving employers and individuals, states and communities, military families and veterans where ever they're found across the globe. We bring them the resources of an industry leader and a commitment to improve their lives that's second to none. This is no small opportunity. It's where you can do your life's best work.SM


Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.


UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
