Position Description
Training classes start soon - apply today!



You’ve heard this all your life. Trust matters. Being trusted matters a lot. Here at OptumRx we’ve earned the trust of more than 65 million people who rely on us for the prescription drugs that improve their health and lifestyle. Now, we trust that you can take advantage of some of the best training and tools in the world to help serve our customers and their care providers. You’ll take as many as 50-70 calls per day from members who have questions about their prescriptions and you’ll use your personality and our tools to make each call successful. This is no small opportunity. This is where you can bring your compassion for others while building your career.



This position is full-time (40 hours/week) Monday – Saturday. You will have Sundays off and a day off during the week. Employees are required to have flexibility to work any of our 8 hour shift schedules during our normal business hours of (6:00am - 11:00pm). It may be necessary, given the business need, to work occasional overtime. Our office is located at 7159 Corklan Dr., Flagler Ctr 300, Jacksonville, FL 32258. If you are located in the Jacksonville, FL area, you will have the flexibility to telecommute* as you take on some tough challenges.



*All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy.



Primary Responsibilities:

Respond to incoming calls from our customers on issues related to benefit eligibility questions and prescription status inquiries

Guide and educate callers on their prescription benefits, use of plan, formulary, premiums and status of orders and claims or inquiries

Ask appropriate questions and listen actively while documenting required information in computer systems

Identify issues and communicate solutions and steps to  customers, pharmacies and  physicians with prescription orders and reorders

Make outbound calls to customers on prescription orders and payment issues

This role is equally challenging and rewarding. You’ll be called on to research complex issues pertaining to member prescription and/or pharmacy benefits across multiple databases which requires fluency in computer navigation and toggling while confidently and compassionately engaging with the caller.



To learn even more about this position and hear from our other Pharmacy Customer Service Representatives, click here to watch a short video: http://uhg.hr/pharmCSRvideo



You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.

Required Qualifications:

High school diploma or GED OR equivalent work experience

Familiarity with computer and Windows PC applications, which includes the ability to navigate and learn new and complex computer system applications

Demonstrated ability to listen skillfully, collect relevant information, build rapport and respond to customers in a compassionate manner

Preferred Qualifications:

1+ year of experience in a related environment (i.e. office, administrative, clerical, customer service, etc.) using phones and computers as the primary job tools

Telecommuting Requirements:
Required to have a dedicated work area established that is separated from other living areas and provides information privacy
Ability to keep all company sensitive documents secure (if applicable)
Must live in a location that can receive a UnitedHealth Group approved high-speed internet connection or leverage an existing high-speed internet service
Helping create positive customer experiences for our members can drive your sense of impact and purpose. Join us as we improve the lives of millions.  Learn more about how you can start doing your life’s best work.SM


Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make the health system work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health - related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.SM


Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.

UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.

Keywords: UnitedHealth Group, OptumRX, training class, customer service representative, customer service, CSR, Pharmacy, PBM, Pharmacy Benefit Management, inbound calls, Call Center
