Position Description
Do you have compassion and a passion to help others? Transforming healthcare and millions of lives as a result starts with the values you embrace and the passion you bring to achieve your life’s best work.(sm)



WellMed provides concierge - level medical care and service for seniors, delivered by physicians and clinic staff that understand and care about the patient’s health. WellMed’s proactive approach focuses on prevention and the complete coordination of care for patients. WellMed is now part of the Optum division under the greater UnitedHealth Group umbrella.



Primary Responsibilities:

Assist physicians and nursing personnel with injections, EKGs, phlebotomy and other patient care procedures
Maintain established quality control standards
Record and process patient care documentation quickly and accurately
Coordinate patient care as directed by physicians, company standards and policies
Organize, stock and clean exam and treatment rooms and sterilize instruments
Maintains quality control standards and required Medical Assistant and CPR certifications
The pace is fast and you’ll need to be comfortable managing multiple priorities. You may be required to work in multiple locations, so scheduling flexibility is essential. You must also be able to respond calmly and effectively in emergency situations.



You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.

Required Qualifications:

High school diploma or GED
Current, nationally recognized Medical Assistant certification or registration or the ability to obtain the designation within 180 days of employment
Current CPR and/or BLS certification or the ability to attain the certification within 30 days of employment
Knowledge of medical terminology
This position requires Tuberculosis screening as well as proof of immunity to Measles, Mumps, Rubella, Varicella, Tetanus, Diphtheria, and Pertussis through lab confirmation of immunity, documented evidence of vaccination, or a doctor’s diagnosis of disease

Preferred Qualifications:

1+ year of experience as a Medical Assistant or related experience in a medical setting
Bilingual (English/Spanish) language proficiency
ICD-9/10 and CPT coding experience
Microsoft experience
Careers with WellMed. Our focus is simple. We're innovators in preventative health care, striving to change the face of health care for seniors. We're impacting 350,000+ lives, primarily Medicare eligible seniors in Texas and Florida, through primary and multi - specialty clinics, and contracted medical management services. We've joined Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of companies, and our mission is to help the sick become well and to help patients understand and control their health in a lifelong effort at wellness. Our providers and staff are selected for their dedication and focus on preventative, proactive care. For you, that means one incredible team and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)





Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.

UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.



Job Keywords: Certified Medical Assistant, CMA, Medical Assistant, MA, Registered Medical Assistant, RMA, Clinic, Primary Care, Adult Medicine, Ambulatory Care, Internal Medicine, Senior, Weslaco, TX, Texas
