Role DescriptionBased out of Alpharetta, GA hub, the VP, Finance RxTS will be Primarily responsible for all financial activities across the Pharmacy Technology Solutions (PTS) within RxTs but also supporting products that have executive responsibility within PTS.
Leveraging strategic leadership and operational excellence, you will support our mission to help patients live healthier lives while maintaining our high-growth trajectory.

In this role, you will collaborate with your team to support the PTS Senior Leadership Team (SLT), Business Unit

Leaders (BUL) and other reporting requirements across the RxTS segment. You will work to empower leaders to make informed decisions and align investment to priorities. Success in this role requires an inquisitive, high-integrity professional who enjoys working with creative entrepreneurs in a dynamic environment.

What You'll Do:

Driving all business level planning and reporting activities including monthly results, monthly rolling forecast, annual budget planning, strategic long-range planning, and operating reviews
Working closely with the PTS President and leadership team members including operations, HR, and marketing to enhance and maximize business performance
Ensuring key metrics are reported on an as needed basis, presenting financial information and working on special projects as requested
Building critical relationships with the leadership team and working together to help Company evolve from where it is today to where it wants to go from a financial perspective.
Building organizational capability within the Finance function and providing leadership and direction to the finance organization in the pursuit of business goals and objectives.
Being an action-oriented critical thinker, attentive to detail yet able to synthesize information quickly, drive process improvements and demonstrates the business acumen
Consistently demonstrating the ability to lead and influencing a team through a positive and supportive approach, while driving compliance to financial policies and holding team members accountable for performance expectations.
Providing accurate and timely information to drive decision making as a result of interpretation of the financials and operating metrics. strong financial modeling skills and the ability to draw, translate and communicate critical insights into analysis
Maintaining high level of ethical standards, identifying and analyzing problem areas and recommending appropriate course of action.
Creating and promoting a high-performance culture. Building organizational capability by developing the broader financial acumen of the team through monthly operating rhythm, reporting, special projects and training.
About You

The ideal candidate is self-motivated and has strong analytical skills and finance expertise. Success in this role requires a proactive, self-motivated, and hands-on professional who thrives in a high-growth, entrepreneurial, and team-oriented environment but still maintaining an enterprise first mentality.

Minimum requirements:

13 + years’ experience in Financial Planning Analysis roles in the healthcare industry either healthcare IT, Pharmacy and/or Pharma.

Critical Skills

Behave Ethically: Understand ethical behavior and business practices and ensure own behavior and the behavior of others is consistent with these standards and aligns with the values of the organization
Build Relationships: Establish and maintain positive working relationships with others both internally and externally to achieve the goals of the organization.
Communicate Effectively: Speak, listen and write in a clear, thorough and timely manner using appropriate and effective communication tools and techniques.
Focus on Client Needs: Anticipate, understand, and respond to the needs of internal and external clients to meet or exceed their expectations within the organizational parameters.
Foster Teamwork: a solid track record of building and managing high-performing Finance teams. Work cooperatively and effectively with others to set goals, resolve problem, and make decisions that enhance organizational effectiveness.
Lead: Positively influence others to achieve results that are in the best interest of the organization.
Make Decisions: Assess situations to determine the importance, urgency and risks, and make clear decisions which are timely and in the best interests of the organization
Organize: Set priorities, develop a work schedule, monitor progress towards goals, and track details, data, information and activities.
Plan: Determine strategies to move the organization forward, set goals, create and implement actions plans, and evaluate the process and results.
Solve Problems: Assess problem situations to identify causes, gather and process relevant information, generate possible solutions, and make recommendations and/or resolve the problem.
Education/Training

Bachelor's degree in Finance, Accounting, or Economics, required. Advanced degree a plus.
Working Conditions

Traditional office environment.
Work location Alpharetta
Physical Requirements (Lifting, standing, etc.) –
Large percent of time performing computer-based work is required.
Travel: 25%
McKesson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.Qualified applicants will not be disqualified from consideration for employment based upon criminal history.

McKesson is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including job seekers with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to McKessonTalentAquisition@McKesson.com . Resumes or CVs submitted to this email box will not be accepted.
