Be part of the team that’s poised to transform the fight against cancer. Backed by the strength of a Fortune 8 company, our entrepreneurial organization develops technologies used by the oncology community to deliver evidence-based, personalized care, as well as insights used by biopharma companies to accelerate drug development and support the entire treatment journey. Our work powers informed decision-making at every pivotal moment in oncology – from the treatment options presented to patients, to the operational considerations for oncology practices, to the design of clinical trials, to the commercial launch plans for new therapies.

Position Summary

McKesson’s well-regarded Law Department is seeking an experienced privacy lawyer to serve as the lead attorney overseeing all aspects of our Data, Evidence and Insights business (DEI) and our oncology practice technology offerings, including our market-leading electronic health record tool, iKnowMed.  Our technology products currently reach community-based oncology practices across the United States, including those practices within our US Oncology Network (USON) and its affiliated business units.

The Senior Counsel will play a key role in DEI’s risk mitigation strategy for privacy and data protection in collaboration with other Business Unit Attorneys, Business Unit Compliance Officers, Human Resources, Internal Audit, Corporate IT, Information Security and Risk Management, and other key internal stakeholders.

The successful candidate will:

Bring a depth of knowledge and experience with privacy and data security laws and regulations and will have the ability to translate that knowledge to deliver relevant and actionable guidance to the business.
Possess excellent legal judgment and the ability to be both pragmatic/business-oriented and strategic.
Excel when working independently and collaboratively, have a record of developing strong working relationships with a diverse client base, and the ability to lead at all levels across the organization.
Be comfortable in a fast-paced environment and successfully manage many projects simultaneously.
Typical Minimum Requirements

Typically requires 7+ years as a practicing attorney with a firm and/or in-house experience.
Experience counseling participants in the healthcare industry, and CIPP or similar professional certification
A Juris Doctor degree with excellent academic credentials and member of a state bar in good standing
Critical Skills

In-depth knowledge of HIPAA and other health care privacy laws with an emphasis on data rights and data strategy.
Serving as a legal subject matter expert on a broad range of privacy and data protection laws, including but not limited to HIPAA, the FTC Act, TCPA, CAN-SPAM Act, state data protection and security breach laws.
Assisting with the privacy focused review of new product launches, updates to existing products and services and clinical trial initiatives.
Supporting the development and implementation of privacy-related business-specific processes and procedures, training, and other controls.
Providing legal advice concerning business transactions, including performing legal due diligence, recommending appropriate post-integration action steps, and drafting and negotiating applicable language in M&A related contracts and documents.
Collaborating with internal stakeholders to support the analysis, preparation, drafting and/or negotiation of pertinent aspects of privacy-related provisions within vendor and other 3rd party agreements such as Management Services Agreements, Master Services Agreements, SOWs and Business Associate Agreements.
Supporting overall USON data governance efforts.
Monitoring and evaluating evolving laws, regulations and industry best practices to help maintain compliance and guide the business unit toward opportunity, including reviewing, advising and supporting data rights strategy.
Managing outside counsel when necessary.
Must be able to travel up to 20%.
This description is general in nature and is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities.

Other duties may be assigned as needed to meet company goals.

Physical Requirements

General Office Demands
Benefits & Company Statement

McKesson believes superior performance – individual and team – that helps us drive innovations and solutions to promote better health should be recognized and rewarded. We provide a competitive compensation program to attract, retain and motivate a high-performance workforce, and it’s flexible enough to meet the different needs of our diverse employee population.

We are in the business of better health and we touch the lives of patients in virtually every aspect of healthcare. We partner with payers, hospitals, physician offices, pharmacies, pharmaceutical companies and others across the spectrum of care to build healthier organizations that deliver better care to patients in every setting.

But we can’t do it without you. Every single McKesson employee contributes to our mission—whatever your title, whatever your role, you act as a catalyst in a chain of events that helps millions of people all over the globe. Talented, compassionate people are the future of our company—and of healthcare. At McKesson, you’ll collaborate on the products and solutions that help us carry out our mission to improve lives and advance healthcare. Working here is your opportunity to shape an industry that’s vital to us all.
