Job Description

Position Description
Responsible for the operational activities of a variety of functional departments, distribution center(s), or facility(ies). Reviews and analyzes reports, records and directives, and confers with managers/ supervisors to obtain data required for planning activities, such as new commitments, status of work in progress, and problems encountered. May be responsible for one or more of the following activities related to the receiving, storing, and/ or shipping of materials or finished goods. May be responsible for ensuring materials are received from proper vendors, delivered to inventory and finished goods, are available to meet production schedules, packaged according to specification and shipped in a timely manner. Ensures the security and accountability of materials and goods with inventory control. May evaluate current procedures and practices for accomplishing department objectives and develop and implement improved procedures and practices. Gives work direction, resolves problems, and sets deadlines to ensure timely completion of work. Monitors and analyzes costs and prepares budgets.

Work Schedule

Monday-Friday Noon -10:30 PM/Completion

Minimum Requirements

4+ years operational experience including
2+ years leadership experience
Ability to drive accountability
Passion for developing, inspiring and engaging employees
Results driven with an ability to work in metrics focused environment
Proficient in MS Excel, Word and Outlook
Exceptional follow up skills

Additional Knowledge & Skills
Thorough knowledge of Operations Management; Excellent organizational skills, excellent communication skills (verbal/written), and management skills

Education
4-year degree or equivalent experience

Physical Requirements
General Office Demands

Career Level - Manager-M1

McKesson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.Qualified applicants will not be disqualified from consideration for employment based upon criminal history.

McKesson is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including job seekers with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to McKessonTalentAquisition@McKesson.com . Resumes or CVs submitted to this email box will not be accepted.

Current employees must apply through the internal career site.

Join us at McKesson!
