McKesson Corp is a Fortune 7 company and is one of the largest providers of medicines, pharmaceutical supplies and health information technology (IT) products and services in the United States with revenues of $208.4 billion in 2018. The company was founded in 1833 by John McKesson and Charles Olcott in New York with a focus on importing and wholesaling pharmaceutical products. United by our ICARE values, McKesson's 78,000 employees work together every day to make better care possible for patients around the globe.

Position Description
The Junior Crosswalk Analyst will provide an essential service to our hospital clients by matching charged medications with purchased drugs, then performing custom calculations to suit each match. The role requires extensive experience as a pharmacy technician, coupled with strong mathematical skills

Key Responsibilities
The Junior Analyst is expected to perform crosswalk maintenance for non-strategic accounts monthly. This includes matching medications with the hospital’s charges, as well as performing basic billing calculations for those same drug matches. Junior Analysts will be responsible for maintaining up to 45 crosswalks per month.

Minimum Requirements

1-2 years relevant work experience
Critical Skills

Certified Pharmacy Technician required
Additional Knowledge & Skills

Proficient in Microsoft Excel is highly preferred
Hospital Pharmacy Tech preferred
5 + years of Pharmacy Tech experience preferred
Data Analysis experience a plus
340B experience a plus
Education

4-year degree in finance or related field or equivalent experience
Certifications/Licensure

Pharmacy Technician
We take pride in our culture of connection and believe in a workplace where everyone can be their full, authentic self. We welcome and encourage veterans, individuals with disabilities and others with diverse perspectives to join our growing team. Your unique perspective and experience are valuable assets that can translate into a rewarding career path with us. Apply to join our team and help shape the future of healthcare!

McKesson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.Qualified applicants will not be disqualified from consideration for employment based upon criminal history.

McKesson is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including job seekers with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to McKessonTalentAquisition@McKesson.com . Resumes or CVs submitted to this email box will not be accepted.

Current employees must apply through the internal career site.

Join us at McKesson!
