AT&T Global Public Sector is a trusted provider of secure, IP enabled, cloud-based, network solutions and professional services to the Federal Government. We are dedicated to recruiting, developing and empowering a diverse, high-performing workforce that is passionate about what they do, committed to our shared values and dedicated to our customers’ mission.

Our Defense Team supports our Nation’s warfighters, providing, operating and assuring critical voice, video and collaboration services for the full spectrum of military operations.

AT&T has an opening for Software Developer L1 to support NCIS, in providing support to NCIS with ability to securely conduct their mission and meet a multitude of critical IT challenges by providing quality customer service to NCIS’ geographically dispersed, unique workforce in a resource-constrained environment.

Job Duties/Responsibilities:
Responsible for program design, modeling, simulation, coding, testing, debugging and documentation.
Formulates and defines specifications for new applications and modifies (maintains) existing applications using engineering releases and utilities from the manufacturer.
Responsible for applications dealing with the operating system, such as sophisticated file maintenance routines, large telecommunications / communications networks, accounting, advanced mathematical/scientific software packages (e.g., biometric applications), and applications specific to LE and IC domains.
Instructs, directs, and reviews the work of other software engineering personnel.
Evaluates new and existing COTS and GOTS software products.
Applies industry best practices to all development efforts.
Must have managed or had significant involvement with complex or substantive information technology projects.
Required Clearance:
This position requires the person(s) to be eligible and adjudicated to Top Secret (TS)/Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI) clearance level at contract start.

Required Qualifications:
Minimum of 10 years of experience with current technologies and, where required for the task, emerging technologies.
Skilled in software development using object-oriented and other general purpose languages (e.g. Java Script, C++, Perl, Python, Ruby, Cold Fusion.Net).
Understands when agile methodology or a hybrid approach is required.
Experience with Oracle, SQL, Erwin Data Modeler, CVS, and/or Apache Ant.
Experience with DON, DIA, DoD, or LE application requirements.
Position shall meet the requirements of an ITA II per the DoD 8570.01-M, requires minimum of Security Plus certification or equivalent.
Desired Qualifications:
Previous experience with NCIS.

AT&T will consider for employment qualified applicants in a manner consistent with the requirements of federal, state and local laws. AT&T is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and we are committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/AA/M/F/D/V
