AT&T Global Public Sector is a trusted provider of secure, IP enabled, cloud-based, network/telephony solutions and professional services to the Federal Government. We are dedicated to recruiting, developing and empowering a diverse, high-performing workforce that is passionate about what they do, committed to our shared values and dedicated to our customers’ mission.

Our National Security team supports elements of the US Government responsible for informing and defending our nation – globally. As a partner on the SERENA contract, we provide leadership and professional services in telephony lifecycle services for a national security client.

AT&T has an opening for a Telephony Repair Technician to support a US Govt. customer in the Northern VA area in providing programmatic operations and oversight to a critical professional services contract.

Job Duties/Responsibilities:
Troubleshoot and resolve issues related to VoIP, ISDN and Analog telephone service on customer enterprise networks
Act and subject matter expert and provide senior level guidance to installation technicians
Provide training where needed to junior level technicians related to telephony troubleshooting and installation
Demonstrate an understanding of basis IP concepts and related services such as DHCP and DNS
Provide support for Executive installation efforts and special telephony related requirements
Display and understanding of both traditional telephony frames and current data related patch panels.
Isolate and resolve technical problems
Work with project management and engineering personnel
Demonstrate telephony features and interact with end customer’s in a professional manner
Required Clearance:
Top Secret (TS) SCI w/Polygraph (#polygraph)

Required Qualifications:
Associates Degree or equivalent technical certification/education, 10+ Years of Experience, direct experience working in support of technology programs which include Avaya/Cisco/Nokia Telephony platforms.
Customer engagement and organization skills are a must.
Desired Qualifications:
Certifications with Telephony vendors, ITIL certification(s)

AT&T will consider for employment qualified applicants in a manner consistent with the requirements of federal, state and local laws. AT&T is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and we are committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/AA/M/F/D/V
