Senior Financial Analyst, Contract Management Health Systems - 00002107

Are you looking to make a difference in a patient’s life?  At AmerisourceBergen, you will find an innovative culture that is patient focused and dedicated to making a difference.  As an organization, we are united in our responsibility to create healthier futures.


What you will be doing

Under general direction of the Director, Market Intelligence and Pricing Strategy, the Senior Analyst, Commercial Pricing is responsible for supporting Organizational efforts to uncover key purchasing attributes, behavioral characteristics and performance indicators across all product lines. Provides quantitative rationale for channel and product line pricing strategy and tactics. Leverages data and analytics to assist and support the development of commercial priorities, pricing policies and governance frameworks. Builds and maintains tools and processes to monitor and measure pricing performance. Contributes in the development and commercialization of differentiated value offerings. Actively participates in the creation of product and customer plans and forecasts.





Responsible for providing advanced analytical support to Sales, Finance, and other business teams in regards to Business, Market and Industry trends.
Performs monthly and quarterly detailed analysis of transactional level data; synthesizing findings into relevant trends and correlations and assisting in the construction and implementation of solutions that drive market share growth and margin expansion.
Actively participates in the development of product line pricing strategies and tactics for various channels / classes of trade.
Develops and manages tools to facilitate pricing tactical execution and measure effectiveness to defined goals / objectives.
Ownership for quantification and impact analysis of existing or proposed pricing policies, procedures and governance frameworks.
Collaborates with Sales, Finance and Sourcing teams in the development and preparation of product line performance forecasts, projections, and plans; based upon numerous variables and data assumptions.
Models, analyzes and measures the design, execution and ongoing effectiveness of commercial value programs; ensuring alignment with defined purchase behaviors and desired outcomes.
Owns and supports initiatives geared toward streamlining current processes, creating new processes and using new technologies and systems.
Performs related duties as assigned.







What your background should look like (minimum qualifications)
Requires broad training in fields such as business administration, pricing, marketing, economics, statistics, mathematics, engineering, computer science, strategy, finance or similar vocations generally obtained through completion of a four year bachelor's degree program or equivalent combination of experience and education. Requires minimum 3 years of directly related and progressively responsible experience, including at least 1 years’ experience in analytics and project/process management.





Sound expertise in financial / mathematical / statistical modeling and analysis.
Proven ability to work analytically; synthesizing vast data into relevant, actionable information.
Advanced Excel skills, comfortable working with databases and pulling data.
SQL, R skills preferred
Qilk / Power Bi skills preferred
Ability to implement and manage projects / processes aimed at driving simplification, standardization, or adherence to policy.
Strong communication skills both written and oral.
Ability to work independently with limited supervision.
Very strong organizational and time management skills.
Strong attention to detail.
Excellent problem-solving skills; ability to resolve issues effectively and efficiently.
Good presentation skills.
Fluency in Microsoft Suite applications (Word, Project, Excel, Access and PowerPoint).
#LI-DN1






Nice to have
Health Care experience


What AmerisourceBergen offers
We offer competitive total rewards compensation. Our commitment to our associates includes benefit programs that are comprehensive, diverse and designed to meet the various needs across our associate population.

Healthcare for associates and eligible dependents, same-sex and domestic partners
Paid time off, including vacations and holidays
Paid volunteer time off
Life insurance and disability protection
Pet insurance
Employee Stock Purchase Program
Retirement benefits and more…
Throughout our global footprint and various business units, we take a balanced approach to the benefits we offer. Many benefits are company-paid, while others are available through associate contributions. Specific benefit offerings may vary by location, position and/or business unit.


About AmerisourceBergen
AmerisourceBergen is a publicly traded Fortune 10 global healthcare solutions company and is one of the world's largest pharmaceutical services companies. Powered by our associates around the world, we provide pharmaceutical products and business solutions that improve access to care.  We operate the backbone of the healthcare supply chain. We drive the future of local care delivery.  We guide medical innovations to market.  We create healthier futures.


Primary LocationUnited States-Pennsylvania-Conshohocken

Washington 227 Washington St  Conshohocken 19428

OrganizationDrug Company

JobOperations Jobs

ScheduleFull-time

Equal Opportunity Employer/Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran
