Are you looking to make a difference in a patient’s life?  At AmerisourceBergen, you will find an innovative culture that is patient focused and dedicated to making a difference.  As an organization, we are united in our responsibility to create healthier futures.


What you will be doing


POSITION SUMMARY:

This is a position within the Legal Department that is held by a lawyer with strong legal skills and the ability to deliver business-oriented, effective and efficient legal services, project management, and strategic counseling.  The Senior Counsel provides legal advice and assistance to various business units, keeping the business within the limits prescribed by law and corporate policy.  This role will have an important impact on business operations by protecting the Company’s interest from a legal perspective, as represented by the accuracy of advice given and propriety of decisions made on the Company’s behalf.  The Senior Counsel position is expected to be able to interact confidently with senior business management and, when necessary, with senior Company management.


PRIMARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

1.      Prepares and negotiates IT vendor contracts across the enterprise.  This includes contracts for SaaS solutions, software licensing, mobile applications, equipment purchasing, professional consulting services, website terms and conditions, information security addenda, etc.

2.      Partners with Enterprise IT Sourcing and Information Security to deliver timely advice that meets business objectives while protecting the Company from cybersecurity threats and maintaining regulatory compliance.

3.       Advises on privacy and data collection matters in the context of IT vendor contract assessment and negotiation.

4.      Works with outside counsel in managing the Company’s trademark and patent portfolio.

5.      Responsible for managing support staff as assigned, including delivering clear expectations, providing ongoing coaching, developing staff and promoting a positive work environment.

6.      Performs related duties as assigned.




What your background should look like (minimum qualifications)
EXPERIENCE AND EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must have a minimum of 4 to 8 years of experience as a lawyer with progressively increasing responsibility and directly related experience in practicing transactional law; with a strong focus on technology transactions and Information Security/Data Protection. Experience working with multi-national and/or global clients and providing guidance, advice, and counseling in multiple jurisdictions. Law Degree - must be a graduate of an accredited law school and admitted into the state bar.  Understand privacy laws in the context of IT contracting.

The lawyer in this role is comparable to a senior associate or counsel in a law firm and is a lawyer who can do sophisticated work as an individual contributor (with minimal guidance and oversight from his or her manager in most instances) and/or supervise and project manage other individual legal professionals to do the work.



MINIMUM SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS:

Familiar with a variety of the field's concepts, practices and legal procedures
Working knowledge of corporate law including SEC regulations and document preparation, litigation, anti-trust laws, nuisance law, court and regulatory agency (FTC and FDA) procedures, and contract negotiation and preparation
The lawyer in this role has the expertise and background to be comfortable supervising outside lawyers engaged to work on matters for AmerisourceBergen, including outside lawyers from law firms used by AmerisourceBergen for assignments in the lawyer’s area of practice for AmerisourceBergen.
In this role, the lawyer is expected to build knowledge of ABC’s businesses and industry policies and practices.
Relies on extensive experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals
Ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing
Strong interpersonal skills
Excellent judgment and ability to resolve complex issues effectively
Strong negotiating skills
Strong leadership skills
Strong presentation skills
Strong organizational skills; attention to detail
Ability to follow and interpret legal trends
Knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint.
WORK ENVIRONMENT:
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an associate encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions:



The noise level in the work environment is generally quiet.


PHYSICAL AND MENTAL REQUIREMENTS:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions:

Sedentary physical activity requiring reaching, sifting, lifting, finger dexterity, grasping, feeling, repetitive motions, talking and hearing.
Visual requirement is for close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision and ability to adjust focus.
25% or more time is spent looking directly at a computer.
Associate is frequently required to stand, walk (or otherwise be mobile).
Ability to deal with stressful situations as they arise.


What AmerisourceBergen offers
We offer competitive total rewards compensation. Our commitment to our associates includes benefit programs that are comprehensive, diverse and designed to meet the various needs across our associate population.

Healthcare for associates and eligible dependents, same-sex and domestic partners
Paid time off, including vacations and holidays
Paid volunteer time off
Life insurance and disability protection
Pet insurance
Employee Stock Purchase Program
Retirement benefits and more…
Throughout our global footprint and various business units, we take a balanced approach to the benefits we offer. Many benefits are company-paid, while others are available through associate contributions. Specific benefit offerings may vary by location, position and/or business unit.


About AmerisourceBergen
AmerisourceBergen is a publicly traded Fortune 10 global healthcare solutions company and is one of the world's largest pharmaceutical services companies. Powered by our associates around the world, we provide pharmaceutical products and business solutions that improve access to care.  We operate the backbone of the healthcare supply chain. We drive the future of local care delivery.  We guide medical innovations to market.  We create healthier futures.


Primary LocationUnited States-Pennsylvania-Conshohocken

Washington 227 Washington St  Conshohocken 19428

Other LocationsUnited States-New York, United States-District of Columbia, United States-Texas-Carrollton

OrganizationLegal

JobLegal Jobs

ScheduleFull-time

Equal Opportunity Employer/Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran
