Have you ever had a family member who was given a life altering diagnosis and prescribed a new medication only to get home and still have additional questions and need additional support? Our nurses use their expertise to elevate the level of care patients receive while in the comfort of their home.  Telehealth Nurse Navigators empower patients to take an active role in their own care.

What you will be doing
Providing concierge like services, working in a call center environment from home, you will serve as the patient/caregiver point of contact for all interactions including clinical and reimbursement. The Telehealth Nurse Navigator acts as the voice to the patient for product education, care coordination and adherence using care planning tools.

A typical day of a Telehealth Nurse Navigator includes:
Coordinating in home injection training support
Assessing patients for compliance and adherence to treatment regime
Educating about disease process, products/programs, and advise on side effect management.
Communicating reimbursement and financial assistance information
Identifying, enrolling, and administering co-pay program
Conducting on-going assessment of eligibility for commercial services, which include patient assistance programs and benefit investigations
Provide on-going commercial service support for the patient.

What your background should look like (minimum qualifications)
Must have an active RN license with ability to obtain licensure in all 50 states. The RN license must be unrestricted in any state
Graduate from an accredited nursing program
3+ years of nursing experience
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Strong customer services skills

Nice to have
Telephonic experience
Case management experience
Certification may be required

What AmerisourceBergen offers
We offer competitive total rewards compensation. Our commitment to our associates includes benefit programs that are comprehensive, diverse and designed to meet the various needs across our associate population.

Healthcare for associates and eligible dependents, same-sex and domestic partners
Paid time off, including vacations and holidays
Paid volunteer time off
Life insurance and disability protection
Pet insurance
Employee Stock Purchase Program
Retirement benefits and more…
Throughout our global footprint and various business units, we take a balanced approach to the benefits we offer. Many benefits are company-paid, while others are available through associate contributions. Specific benefit offerings may vary by location, position and/or business unit.


About AmerisourceBergen
AmerisourceBergen is a publicly traded Fortune 10 global healthcare solutions company and is one of the world's largest pharmaceutical services companies. Powered by our associates around the world, we provide pharmaceutical products and business solutions that improve access to care.  We operate the backbone of the healthcare supply chain. We drive the future of local care delivery.  We guide medical innovations to market.  We create healthier futures.


Primary LocationUnited States-Texas-Remote

OrganizationLASH Group

JobConsulting Jobs

ScheduleFull-time

Equal Opportunity Employer/Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran
