Minimum qualifications:

3 years of professional software development experience or 1 year with an advanced degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or Engineering.
Software development experience in Java.
Experience with Kotlin and Ruby.
Preferred qualifications:

Experience in database programming, including MySQL.
Experience developing accessible technologies.
Ability to create strong working relationships with cross-functional teams.
Proficiency with Java, Kotlin, and Ruby.
Strong written and spoken communication skills.
About the job
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.

With your technical expertise you will manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables. You will design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.

The Content Management team is responsible for the modeling and storage of Looker content. We're working to consolidate the types of content that our users create to simplify their workflows and improve the performance of our system. As a Software Engineer on our team, you'll be excited by the challenge of solving some of our biggest problems for our customers and enjoy working in a collaborative environment.

Looker is a unified platform that powers data experiences and delivers actionable business insights to employees at the point of decision. Looker integrates data into the daily workflows of users to allow organizations to extract value from data at web-scale.

Responsibilities
Design and develop our content management systems to work in single-host and clustered environments and to improve performance.
Understand how our product is used by our customers and improve their user experience.
Collaborate with the team and Product Manager to determine scope and functionality of new features.
Help troubleshoot problems in production, customer environments, and on-call rotations.
