Minimum qualifications:

Bachelors degree in Finance, Business or a related field or equivalent practical experience.
12 years of experience in finance Financial Planning and Analysis (FP&A), management consulting, corporate strategy.
Experience building and leading a team.
Preferred qualifications:

Experience working in a Marketing FP&A and/or Strategic Finance function in the Enterprise or B2B, at a high growth technology company.
Excellent analytical and modeling skills; experience working with large datasets.
Ability to self-direct work in an unstructured, fast paced environment; comfortable with ambiguity.
Ability to communicate and influence effectively at executive level; ability to form strong working relationships across business and technical functions.
About the job
Financial Analysts ensure that Google makes sound financial decisions. As a Financial Analyst, your work, whether it's modeling business scenarios or tracking performance metrics, is used by our leaders to make strategic company decisions. Excellent at working on multiple projects at a time, you are focused on the details while finding creative ways to address big picture challenges.

You are both a manager and a mentor, providing financial leadership and analytical support to partners of the core Finance team as well as giving your own team the support they need to become financial experts. You'll keep management informed on key financial metrics and work to improve financial operation practices throughout your region.

Google Cloud is a strategic priority for Google. We are developing groundbreaking cloud solutions for businesses - including Google Cloud Platform and G Suite (SaaS Apps incl. Gmail, Calendar, Docs, Drive).

In this role, you will be the Finance Manager for Google Cloud Marketing. The Google Cloud Marketing organization is dedicated to helping our customers see the benefits of our technology. It drives Google Cloud awareness, new business acquisition (developing pipeline), customer development and user community programs.

The name Google came from "googol," a mathematical term for the number 1 followed by 100 zeros. And nobody at Google loves big numbers like the Finance team when providing in depth analysis on all manner of strategic decisions across Google products. From developing forward-thinking analysis to generating management reports to scaling our automated financial processes, the Finance organization is an important partner and advisor to the business.

Responsibilities
Influence the global marketing investment strategy for Google Cloud by partnering with Cloud Marketing leaders (C-level, VP and Director level) and cross-functionally across both Sales and Product Finance.
Manage a team of financial managers/analysts: define team vision, provide individual coaching.
Collaborate with your team and business partners to develop solid investment cases, develop marketing campaign targets, and drive accountability via regular financial reporting and campaign performance analyses.
Report on expenses and ROI of marketing programs; analyze data to drive decision making, develop business review materials to surface key insights for leaders.
Forecast expenses, factoring risk and opportunities; analyze actual vs. forecast variances. Contribute to yearly planning and resource allocation (headcount and non-payroll expenses).
