Minimum qualifications:

J.D. or equivalent degree.
4 years of attorney level experience.
Experience with global privacy laws, including European and U.S. law.
Admitted to the bar and in good standing or otherwise authorized to practice law (e.g., have registered in-house status) in the state in which the role is located.
Preferred qualifications:

Experience in consulting, drafting and advising clients on technology-related commercial agreements, including multi-jurisdictional transactions, cloud services and outsourcing.
Experience counseling and negotiating data protection terms in enterprise agreements, with experience negotiating requirements from GDPR and U.S. sectoral law.
Experience designing compliance programs, policies, and processes.
Flexibility and willingness to work on a broad range of legal matters. Demonstrated ability to complete several simultaneous projects on a deadline.
Exceptional interpersonal skills and a commitment to professionalism and collegiality.
About the job
As Corporate Counsel at Google, you work on the most exciting legal issues as disruptive technological innovations require creative and proactive legal guidance. You're part of a whip-smart group of in-house lawyers and the projects and cases you take on challenge you to think big and differently. You are collaborative -- ready to partner in initiatives that influence all aspects of the business and work with Googlers from all over the company. As an integrated part of the team, you proactively assess legal risks and advise on products that will not only move information into the 21st century, but move information law forward as well.

As Privacy Counsel, you’ll assist with drafting a variety of commercial agreements relating to Google Cloud Platform, G Suite and other Enterprise products and you’ll assist as Privacy Counsel with negotiating these agreements with strategic customers and partners. You’ll work closely with business clients and also Legal colleagues in Google offices to advise the development of Cloud products, and support them with training and advice on communications and marketing. You’ll support the continued development and improvement of all aspects of Google Cloud’s privacy compliance program.

20th century laws don't always solve 21st century problems, and Google Legal crafts innovative approaches for handling some of the toughest legal challenges of the information age. Whether you're a patent attorney, an intellectual property expert or an engineer headed to law school, Google Legal lets you take on unanswered legal quandaries and create new precedents. Our innovative services raise challenging questions that demand creative and practical answers. We provide those answers by working at the crossroads of the law and new technology, helping Google build innovative and important products for users around the world.

Responsibilities
Provide privacy specialist legal advice and subject matter resources required to support Google’s global legal team and privacy program.
Advise on compliance across all aspects of global privacy law and regulation, including data protection, data retention, data security, and data breach rules.
Provide specialist consultation and support to other key functions (Product, Privacy Engineering, Global Affairs and Public Policy, Corporate Communications).
