Minimum qualifications:

Currently enrolled in a full time MBA program.
2 years of experience in management consulting or similar role.
Preferred qualifications:

4 years of experience in management consulting or similar role
Demonstrated record of problem-solving and analytical skills, including modeling and presentation skills.
Effective communication and interpersonal skills.
Passion for technology, and tech/media/telecom company experience or education in STEM.
About the job
Google's leadership team hand-picks thorny business challenges, and members of BizOps work in small teams to find solutions. As part of this team you fully immerse yourself in data collection, draw insight from analysis, and then zoom out to develop compelling, synthesized recommendations. Taking strategy one step further, you also persuasively communicate your recommendations to senior-level executives, roll-up your sleeves to help drive implementation and check back-in to see the impact of your recommendations.

As an Associate in Business Operations and Strategy, you are the ultimate data expert and thrive on solving highly analytical problems, conducting interviews and synthesizing ideas. You will work with a small team on projects commissioned by Google's executive team, managing your own workstream(s) as you go.

The Business Operations and Strategy (BizOps) team is small and tight-knit, offering a supportive working community with a focus on learning and development.

As an Associate in Business Operations and Strategy, you will fully immerse yourself in structured problem solving and data analysis, and then zoom out to develop compelling, synthesized insights and recommendations. You will work with a small team, managing your own work stream(s) as you go. You will also use storytelling skills to persuasively communicate your recommendations to senior executives, and influence decisions by building consensus and mobilizing towards execution. Over time you will build lasting relationships with colleagues across Alphabet, enabling you to execute rapidly with cross-functional support.

The Business Operations and Strategy team at Google plays a critical role in defining and driving strategic, operational and organizational improvements across the company. Also known as "BizOps", the group operates like an internal consulting group working on a range of critical projects and issues. BizOps creates strategies for promoting growth of our products like YouTube, Chrome and Mobile. They handle issues around partner development, strategy work in emerging markets such as Africa and India, as well as pricing strategies across our B2B and consumer products. The BizOps team is at the forefront of Google's fast-moving strategic priorities, addressing operational challenges and enabling innovation.

Responsibilities
Structure complex, ambiguous and potentially charged business issues for Google's executive team.
Gather and analyze large amounts of information quickly and problem solve effectively.
Develop compelling, insightful recommendations.
Build consensus among cross-functional teams and influence decision-making within leadership audiences.
Work closely with Product Managers, product area leadership and functions to operationalize recommendations.
