Job Description & Qualifications

Production Supervisor

At Ford Motor Company, we believe freedom of movement drives human progress. We also believe in providing you with the freedom to define and realize your dreams. With our incredible plans for the future of mobility, we have a wide variety of opportunities for you to accelerate your career potential as you help us define tomorrow’s transportation.

As part of our Manufacturing team, you’ll help build the world-class, state-of-the-art smart vehicles the world expects from us. Within our plants around the world, we’re constantly developing new technologies and processes to further increase our efficiency. That means we’re continually seeking diligent, determined performers who think outside the box to help us find better and more efficient ways to manufacture our vehicles.

What you’ll be able to do:
In this key position, you will coach safety, quality and productivity teams to ensure objectives are met through the development of and adherence to standardized work. Through process confirmation and building worker accountability, you will ensure that the line is running safely, smoothly, and producing quality parts. You will also:



Optimize throughput in accordance with budgets and cost objectives
Monitor ANDON occurrences and serve as the first responder
Support Kaizen (continuous improvement) efforts
Coach problem resolution to the lowest level
Meet FTT, inventory, cost, scrap, supply, and tooling expense targets
Build team leader and team member capabilities
Foster a positive, productive team environment

The minimum requirements we seek:


High school diploma or GED
A minimum of one year of experience and proficiency with Microsoft Office

Our preferred requirements:


Related Bachelor’s degree
One or more years of supervisory experience in a manufacturing environment
Ability to work independently with limited supervision
Background in auto manufacturing
Previous safety and quality experience
Understanding of Lean manufacturing principles
Experience managing a unionized workforce
Knowledge of constraint management and maintenance operating system principles
Strong organizational, administrative, multi-tasking, conflict resolution and problem-solving skills
Outstanding interpersonal, team building, and communication skills
Ability to work any shift as well as rotating shifts and weekends

What you’ll receive in return:
As part of the Ford family, you’ll enjoy excellent compensation and a comprehensive benefits package that includes generous PTO, retirement, savings and stock investment plans, incentive compensation and much more. You’ll also experience exciting opportunities for professional and personal growth and recognition.

If you have what it takes to help us redefine the future of mobility, we’d love to have you join us.

Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire.  Visa sponsorship is not available for this position.

By choice, we are an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.
