Job Description & Qualifications

We build world-class vehicles in our plants around the world, constantly developing new technologies and processes to further increase our efficiency.  It’s our people who really make the difference.  We encourage all of our employees to think outside the box to help us find better and more efficient ways to manufacture our vehicles.

Manufacturing Engineers work on a team that manufactures more than 150,000 vehicles daily at 65 facilities worldwide.  It is a unique opportunity to apply your engineering skillset in a fast-paced, hands-on environment.

Your work as a Manufacturing Co-Op will help improve Ford’s manufacturing production system.  Specifically, you will help improve Ford’s safety, quality, delivery, cost, people, maintenance and environmental systems.

Manufacturing offers opportunities for growth and excellence through each of the following career areas: Powertrain and Vehicle Operations Manufacturing Engineering, Plant Operations, Manufacturing Business Office, Stamping Engineering and Quality.

Requirements include, but are not limited to:

Minimum requirements:
Pursuing Bachelor of Science degree in: Electrical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, Environmental Engineering, Welding Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Material Science Engineering or Agricultural Engineering
As our co-op program is a three-way relationship between Ford, the student and the university, eligible candidates must attend a university with a co-op program with an established co-op relationship with Ford Motor Company. The schools that we have a partnership with are Kettering University, University of Cincinnati, and University of Louisville.
Must be actively enrolled in a recognized university co-op program
Students must be continually enrolled to be a part of this program
Students must maintain a 3.0 GPA throughout the program
Students must be able to work at least 20 hours per week
Students must be available for a minimum 10-12 week co-op assignment
Students must be available and willing to do multiple assignments
Preferred requirements
Ability to adapt to a dynamic working environment including our world class manufacturing facilities where you have the opportunity to see the product developed and completed
Ability to work within a diverse team
Flexibility in work location (work assignments may be located in SE MI or our manufacturing facilities throughout the US)
Interest in the automotive industry and Manufacturing
Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to permanently work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire.  Visa sponsorship is not available for this position.

Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce.   All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.
