Remote, Work From Home, United States.

JOB PURPOSE/ROLE DESCRIPTION

Experienced privacy and data use attorney needed to lead Privacy law team responsible for supporting all aspects of Cigna's domestic business. This role will provide counsel for privacy and data-related client and contractual issues and complex data use issues under HIPAA and other privacy regulations.  The role is a direct report to the Global Chief Privacy Officer, and serves as a key strategic partner to Cigna's Data Analytics function and other core business functions.

KEY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES


Counsel and collaborate with multiple internal clients, including at senior levels, such as Health Services, Government businesses, US Commercial, Sourcing, Information Security, Data Analytics, Sales, Account Management, and Internal Audit.
Manages in-house team of privacy lawyers and external counsel.
Counsel entities that must comply with widely varying privacy requirements. Entities include Covered Entities, Business Associates, Hybrid Entities, Data Controllers, Data Processors, and others.
Provide legal advice and leadership for data loss incident preparation and legal response in collaboration with Information Security staff.
Provide counsel related to advanced and cutting-edge data use and acquisition, as well as data mapping, classification, and related data management and governance.
Manage complex legal issues and risk related to data analytics, AI, de-identification, and use of new and innovative technologies.
Support the privacy, security, and data protection aspects of relationships and contracts with technology companies, “switch” vendors, HIEs, EMRs, app developers, and data aggregators.
Interpret and apply privacy and data protection law and contractual requirements to a wide variety of business initiatives, such as (i) the development of clinical programs for patients and plan members; (ii) communications to providers and patients; (iii) policy development; (iv) collaboration and data exchange between affiliated and outside entities; and (v) digital initiatives such as website, email, text, social media, mobile apps, etc.
Negotiate privacy and data use provisions, consistent with the company’s strategy and goals.
Collaborate with other attorneys in the Legal Department as a leader and subject matter expert.
Stay abreast of, and communicate clearly to non-lawyers, changes to or developments in privacy and data protection laws and regulations and their impact on business operations.
Apply sound business judgment to the provision of legal advice and continuously look for opportunities to improve service.
*We are open to location for this role.

QUALIFICATIONS

Juris doctorate degree
Bar membership
Deep knowledge of health care privacy, including the pharmacy benefit management, health plan, and pharmacy businesses is a must.
Ideal candidate will have 10+ years of experience advising healthcare organizations on matters including privacy, and at least 5 years of managerial experience. You must have managerial experience for this role.
Demonstrate an understanding of privacy laws and regulations, including HIPAA, state privacy and data breach laws, TCPA, CAN-SPAM, COPPA, Part 2, the Privacy Act of 1974, and international data protection laws.
Understand the overall healthcare legal environment and business, including operating in large complex environments, and display a passion for continuous learning about sophisticated privacy and data protection issues.
Detail orientated with strong organizational skills and ability to handle multiple responsibilities simultaneously, including management of direct or matrixed privacy professionals, while maintaining high quality and performance under pressure.
About Cigna

Cigna Corporation (NYSE: CI) is a global health service company dedicated to improving the health, well-being and peace of mind of those we serve. We offer an integrated suite of health services through Cigna, Express Scripts, and our affiliates including medical, dental, behavioral health, pharmacy, vision, supplemental benefits, and other related products. Together, with our 74,000 employees worldwide, we aspire to transform health services, making them more affordable and accessible to millions. Through our unmatched expertise, bold action, fresh ideas and an unwavering commitment to patient-centered care, we are a force of health services innovation.

When you work with Cigna, you’ll enjoy meaningful career experiences that enrich people’s lives while working together to make the world a healthier place. What difference will you make?  To see our culture in action, search #TeamCigna on Instagram.

Qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, age, disability, sex, childbirth (including pregnancy) or related medical conditions including but not limited to lactation, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, religion, national origin, ancestry, marital or familial status, genetic information, status with regard to public assistance, citizenship status or any other characteristic protected by applicable equal employment opportunity laws.

If you require an accommodation based on your physical or mental disability please email: SeeYourself@cigna.com.  Do not email SeeYourself@cigna.com for an update on your application or to provide your resume as you will not receive a response.
