Role Summary

The Health Engagement Administrative Support Coordinator is responsible for helping the Select Health Engagement team fulfill its local mission:  To bring the value of personalized, holistic, and integrated health engagement solutions to Cigna Select Clients and Customers value by generating holistic, human-centered health solutions for our local community.  Collaborative team player that can build/maintain a team based environment with intra-market communities and work closely with employees at all levels within the organization.  Responsible for  administrative support to Select Engagement Consultant teams with majority of duties being only but not limited to high level administrative tasks to include: accounts management of  health engagement funds and processing, support onboarding of new hires, manage ongoing training schedule, note taking and organization of team calls, support organizational training planning and execution. Work requires initiative and judgment in making decisions and knowledge of department and company policies and procedures.

Responsibilities

Follow prescribed guidelines for emailing company documents and handling proprietary information
Coordinate with Engagement Directors’ projects as assigned by Sr. Engagement Director.
Consistently deliver high quality work within established deadlines; willingly assist extended leadership teams (will vary with capacity)
Actively participate in local market staff meetings and delivering notes appropriately.  Work collaboratively between markets, management, and quality improvements.
Finances and Client Reimbursement

Assist in the submission and processing of health engagement funds for 5 Markets
Monthly auditing to capture compliance and utilization
Audit on team expenses monthly
Enrollment Support

Respond to requests for Power Point Presentations and giveaways materials in a timely manner (varies by Market)
Assist with collateral stock inventory and ordering as needed giveaways (varies by Market)
Entry of enrollment support request and upkeep –  (during peak season)
Staff Support, Trainings, & Events

Assist with management of Region Team meeting and other local meetings as assigned.  Attends certain key meetings to record minutes, track takeaways, follow up on action items, and manage invitations for guest attendees
Partner with the Engagement Directors to prepare and develop broker presentations
Maintains department organization chart, listserv, email distribution lists and responsible for proactive follow up to ensure key deliverables are received in a timely manner.
Coordination and support for organizational training
Coordination and support for local initiatives in 5 markets
Special Projects/Programs:  Manage team-wide projects/programs as needed, such as team-building events/ all hands meetings etc.
Access Management Requests

Plan and coordinate on-boarding and off-boarding of employees
Oversee ongoing training schedule of New Hires and employees who need additional support  (varies by Market)
Procurement and equipment requests
Insurance Licensures and Wellness Certifications management
Productivity Support, secures help desk support as needed to trouble shoot/resolve key issues as they arise
Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree Preferred (in business administration, marketing, or similar)
Candidate should have a minimum of 5-7 years of progressively responsible administrative experience.
Strong project and time management skills
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Expert skills with critical Microsoft tools, including, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook and its calendar functions
Professional demeanor with excellent verbal and written communication skills
High energy with the ability to keep up with a fast-paced working environment
High degree of integrity and accountability to delivery strong, high-quality outcomes
Ability to work independently and maintain confidential information in highly professional manner
Ability to have a high-level of accuracy and detail-oriented
Demonstrate flexibility, ability to adjust priorities, and a solutions-oriented mindset required
Experience with supporting a virtual workforce
Strong technical proficiency with audio and voice equipment as well as mobile and desktop devices
About Cigna

Cigna Corporation (NYSE: CI) is a global health service company dedicated to improving the health, well-being and peace of mind of those we serve. We offer an integrated suite of health services through Cigna, Express Scripts, and our affiliates including medical, dental, behavioral health, pharmacy, vision, supplemental benefits, and other related products. Together, with our 74,000 employees worldwide, we aspire to transform health services, making them more affordable and accessible to millions. Through our unmatched expertise, bold action, fresh ideas and an unwavering commitment to patient-centered care, we are a force of health services innovation.

When you work with Cigna, you’ll enjoy meaningful career experiences that enrich people’s lives while working together to make the world a healthier place. What difference will you make?  To see our culture in action, search #TeamCigna on Instagram.

Qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, age, disability, sex, childbirth (including pregnancy) or related medical conditions including but not limited to lactation, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, religion, national origin, ancestry, marital or familial status, genetic information, status with regard to public assistance, citizenship status or any other characteristic protected by applicable equal employment opportunity laws.

If you require an accommodation based on your physical or mental disability please email: SeeYourself@cigna.com.  Do not email SeeYourself@cigna.com for an update on your application or to provide your resume as you will not receive a response.
