Cigna is a global health service company, dedicated to helping the people we serve to improve their health, well-being and peace of mind.

We make this happen through a broad range of integrated health care and related plans and services, and proven health and well-being programs that are targeted to the unique needs of our customers, clients and partners.

Our Corporate Accounting team is seeking two co-op students to fill open roles in Cigna's Financial Reporting process. This dynamic team has professionals with multiple years of experience and knowledge.

The accounting/finance role will give you valuable insight into Cigna's financial close, reporting and analysis processes and would provide you with a high level of hands-on training in corporate accounting and finance. In addition, you will develop time management and communication skills while working in a dynamic team-oriented environment.

Develop a basic understanding of the insurance industry and the accounting concepts involved in summarizing and analyzing results for the Company’s various segments and product lines from experienced team members.
Become an integral member of a dynamic corporate reporting team and assist in various key aspects of the corporate quarterly US GAAP Financial reporting and analysis processes, with filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and Internal Revenue Service (IRS). While assisting in these efforts, you will utilize key financial reporting tools, such as Oracle G/L, Hyperion, Wdesk, Disclosure Management (CDM) in preparing, reporting and analyzing the financial information.
Assist in the ledger maintenance and financial reporting for corporate benefit plans and non-profit entity for corporate philanthropy.
Learn different technical skill sets by performing the daily functions of the job or by taking certain available courses offered on Cigna's educational web site.
Assist in completion of significant special projects as needed to support departmental initiatives.
Assist on performance of quarterly financial control reviews and supporting the 302/404 Sarbanes – Oxley testing and related certification.
Assist in filing of government surveys for consolidated Cigna
These positions will build on existing MS Excel and MS Access skills via the requirement to assist in the production of various monthly and quarterly reporting and analysis deliverables.
The successful candidate will obtain a well-rounded experience in a challenging corporate setting.

Qualifications:

Pursuit of a degree in Accounting or Finance.
Understanding of Accounting/Finance concepts.
Experience with the Microsoft products, especially Excel and Word.
Highly motivated, good interpersonal skills, well-organized and able to work independently and as part of a team; to ask for assistance when needed.
Strong analytical skills, good verbal/written communication skills.
Ability to work under time constraints.
Strong business sense and the ability to work in a changing environment.
Experience with Oracle G/L, Hyperion, or with a mainframe computer system is a plus but is not required.
Ability to handle confidentiality.
No prior work experience in a corporate environment is required.  Need only a willingness to learn and develop new skills.

About Cigna

Cigna Corporation (NYSE: CI) is a global health service company dedicated to improving the health, well-being and peace of mind of those we serve. We offer an integrated suite of health services through Cigna, Express Scripts, and our affiliates including medical, dental, behavioral health, pharmacy, vision, supplemental benefits, and other related products. Together, with our 74,000 employees worldwide, we aspire to transform health services, making them more affordable and accessible to millions. Through our unmatched expertise, bold action, fresh ideas and an unwavering commitment to patient-centered care, we are a force of health services innovation.

When you work with Cigna, you’ll enjoy meaningful career experiences that enrich people’s lives while working together to make the world a healthier place. What difference will you make?  To see our culture in action, search #TeamCigna on Instagram.

Qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, age, disability, sex, childbirth (including pregnancy) or related medical conditions including but not limited to lactation, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, religion, national origin, ancestry, marital or familial status, genetic information, status with regard to public assistance, citizenship status or any other characteristic protected by applicable equal employment opportunity laws.

If you require an accommodation based on your physical or mental disability please email: SeeYourself@cigna.com.  Do not email SeeYourself@cigna.com for an update on your application or to provide your resume as you will not receive a response.
