This is an environment unlike anything in the high-tech world and the secret of Costco’s success is its culture.  The value Costco puts on its employees is well documented in articles from a variety of publishers including Bloomberg and Forbes.  Our employees and our members come FIRST.  Costco is well known for its generosity and community service and has won many awards for its philanthropy. The company joins with its employees to take an active role in volunteering by sponsoring many opportunities to help others.  In 2018, Costco contributed over $39 million to organizations such as United Way and Children's Miracle Network Hospitals.

Costco IT is responsible for the technical future of Costco Wholesale, the second largest retailer in the world with wholesale operations in twelve countries. Despite our size and explosive international expansion, we continue to provide a family, employee centric atmosphere in which our employees thrive and succeed. As proof, Costco consistently ranks in the top five of Forbes “America’s Best Employers”.

This Business Analyst will be responsible for facilitating business change management by developing detailed business requirements and process flow diagrams in addition to other appropriate standard business analysis artifacts, in the Accounting functional area. The Business Analyst will support multiple customers and stakeholders throughout the project and product release cycles. The Business Analyst will work closely with end users, business unit representatives, Information System resources and other relevant resources in all stages of the project life-cycle including discovery, design, construction, transition, implementation, and support. This individual will demonstrate the highest levels of customer service, communication, productivity and professionalism. In addition, he/she will have the ability and aptitude for leadership, self-motivation, strong analytical skills and Costco business (or other retail) expertise.

If you want to be a part of one of the BEST “to work for” companies in the world, simply apply and let your career be reimagined.

ROLE

Stakeholder and team interaction:

Determines stakeholder influence and relationship needs, and understands their business and requirements.
Builds and manages stakeholder relationships including business partners, users, vendors, customers, project team members, and leaders.
Interacts with technical team(s) to help translate functional specifications into technology solutions.
Requirements management process:

Develops business analysis artifacts (use cases, business models, etc.) to document “as-is” and “to-be” requirements and business process change management plans as they pertain to specific projects and/or functional area.
Identifies and communicates risks and issues that may require changes to scope.
Prioritizes requirements effectively based on identified factors.
Organizes and synthesizes large amounts of information provided by stakeholders.
Ensures that all requirements support the delivery of business value, fulfills goals and objectives and meet stakeholder needs.
Leads and participates in User Acceptance sessions for confirmation of requirements implementation prior to deployment.
Elicitation and communication:

Ensures appropriate stakeholders are involved and obtains required information for capturing and validating requirements and other artifacts.
Effectively manages changes and conflicts during requirements gathering process.
Manages requirements traceability and future reuse.
Prepares artifacts in an understandable and presentable format.
REQUIRED

Minimum 3 years’ of Costco or other retail IT experience.
Minimum 2 years’ of Business Analyst experience.
Proficient in requirements gathering, business modeling, project scoping, and use case creation.
Knowledge of software development/delivery processes such as Agile/SCRUM/Kanban and demonstrated experience gathering requirements in such environments.
Expertise in utilizing standard requirements documentation tools/utilities.
Experience in managing SCRUM cycles’ scope as a product owner.
Excellent analytical skills and demonstrated ability to effectively troubleshoot and provide solutions.
Excellent interpersonal skills, with the ability to negotiate and effectively engage with individuals at all levels of the organization.
Demonstrated strong communication skills, both verbal and written.
Strong work ethic, demonstrated attention to detail and excellent time management skills.
Must be available to work as needed to honor project commitments, meet deadlines, and support assigned business area needs (e.g., nights and weekends).
Recommended
Costco or other retail Accounting Operations.
Project management and/or product development experience.
Professional business analysis certifications, such as CBAP or CCBA.
Proficiency in utilizing development, data, and business process analysis tools/utilities (SDLC, Business Process models, use case modeling, context diagramming, functional decomposition).
Required Documents

Cover Letter
Resume
Apart from any religious or disability considerations, open availability is needed to meet the needs of the business.  If hired, you will be required to provide proof of authorization to work in the United States. Applicants and employees for this position will not be sponsored for work authorization, including, but not limited to H1-B visas.
