Costco Wholesale seeks an experienced employment attorney to join the legal team at its headquarters in Issaquah, Washington. Costco is one of the world’s top retailers, with over 160,000 US employees and over 240,000 employees globally. This role will be responsible for providing day-to-day advice and support to Costco’s U.S. Operations and Human Resources on employee terminations, performance management, investigations, leaves of absence, accommodations, wage/hour compliance, and other employment-related matters consistent with Costco’s employee handbook (Employee Agreement), policies, and unique culture. The attorney will also supervise outside counsel on litigation matters and will support HR in responding to charges of discrimination before federal and state agencies. This position will report directly to the Corporate Counsel for employment matters.

 Responsibilities:

Provides support to Costco’s U.S. Operations and HR on employment matters and compliance with Costco’s Employee Agreement and other employment-related policies.
Supervises internal investigations related to employment matters.
Assists HR in investigating and responding to charges of discrimination filed with federal and state agencies.
Drives compliance efforts related to the Company’s personnel and payroll policies and procedures.
Reviews and advises Operations and HR on developments in federal, state and local employment legislation, regulation, and enforcement.
Monitors, manages, and reviews work and expenditures by outside counsel to ensure quality and efficacy of legal services.
 Qualifications:

Juris Doctorate degree from an accredited law school.
Admission in good standing to practice law in at least one U.S. state and eligible to practice as in-house counsel in the State of Washington.
At least ten years of substantive employment law counseling and litigation management experience acquired in a law firm or an in-house legal department, with some in-house experience preferred.
Thorough understanding of and experience in all areas of employment law, including leave and accommodation, discrimination, wage and hour/pay equity, and contingent workforce matters.
Excellent business judgment and ability to assess legal risk while providing practical, business-oriented advice.
Demonstrated ability to independently manage a diverse and complex workload while maintaining priorities and anticipating issues.
Exceptional written and oral communication skills for dealing with lawyers and non-lawyers.
Excellent legal research and analytical skills.
Ability and desire to work both autonomously and collaboratively.
Strong execution and project management skills and ability to harness stakeholders from across the organization on cross-functional projects.
At Costco, you will build a long-lasting career in a renowned culture where the Company is committed to taking care of its employees, members, and suppliers. You will be empowered to independently drive results and feel good about what you are helping to build. To apply, please send a cover letter and resume.
