Chevron is accepting online applications for the position of Software Engineer located in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

Dynamic team that develops, implements and supports innovative software solutions that integrate, automate or simplify business processes and workflows.
The position requires experience in all phases of Software Development Lifecycle (plan, design, develop, test, release, maintain and support, decommission), data engineering/data management practices and tools, and strong technical background in one or more
development platforms.

Responsibilities for this position may include but are not limited to:
Participate in all phases of SDLC (Software Development Lifecycle).
Develop software solution leveraging established Chevron technology standards and collaborate with internal partners to develop new technology standards as needs arise.
Design and develop data engineering, data integration and data management practices and tools.
Maintain working knowledge of the latest software engineering tools and practices for continuous integration, unit tests, static and dynamic profiling, code coverage, code analysis, and automated tests.
Collaborate with other product teams to develop and share reusable software components and services, implement consistent automated builds and integrated builds, including managing build servers, build schedules, and build qualities.

Required Qualifications:
2+ years of IT experience working with software development teams providing application development and/or support.
Familiar with software development methodologies (e.g. DevOps, Prototyping, AGILE/Scrum, JIRA, etc).
Ability to work with multiple teams and influence/drive to deliver results.
Strong written and interpersonal communications skills.
Ability to complete high quality work on schedule.

Preferred Qualifications:
B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or related technical field.
Cloud technologies experience (Microsoft Azure, VSTS, Hybrid Solutions, etc.).

Selection Criteria
Technical Depth and Breadth
Experience with at least 1 programming language/delivery platform. E.g.: C#, TSQL or PLSQL,
SSIS/SSRS, .NET or Java frameworks, JavaScript, HTML5, Visual Studio Suite, TFS, Git,
Jenkins.
Experience in IT development, deployment and support best practices along with an understanding of application support environments.
Critical Thinking and Problem Solving
Strong problem solving and analytical skills.
Critical thinking and ability to handle urgent and multiple competing priorities.
Acts with sense of urgency.
Teamwork
Ability to work effectively on teams, respecting other opinions, valuing diversity, building
consensus and assisting others to accomplish team goals and objectives.
Able to foster collaboration and teamwork between individuals or groups across organizational
and geographic boundaries gaining commitment and following through to results.
Strong customer facing approach. Seeks to understand, educate and build collaborative
relationships with business partners.
Resolves business partner issues and escalates issues when necessary.

This is a position only for Buenos Aires, Argentina
Chevron participates in E-Verify in certain locations as required by law.
