The Chevron Business Support Center (BASSC), located in Buenos Aires (Puerto Madero), Argentina, is accepting online applications for the position of Financial Analyst. Successful candidates will join the BASSC Finance team.  In addition to providing Finance support, the more than 500 professionals that work at BASSC, provide expert information technology, human resources and marketing services and solutions to Chevron partners around the globe.

Responsibilities for this position:

Understand and apply accounting fundamentals and principles to account for operational activities.
Analyze financial information, select and gather data, and recommend or determine a course of action
Analyze and reconcile accounts. Prepare income and balance sheet variance explanations.
Execute closing and reporting activities.
Identify and initiate work process improvements.
Use sophisticated software and other technology, including JDE, SAP, Hyperion and the Microsoft® Office suite
Commitment to achieve and maintain cohesive working relationships with internal partners and external customers
Required Experience and Qualifications:

Finance or accounting degree with at least 4 years of finance or accounting work experience.
Advanced English level. Candidates selected for an interview will be required to complete an English assessment test.
Ability to listen carefully and use clear, concise oral and written skills to convey facts, present positions, and interpret policies.
Relevant finance or accounting work experience (e.g. accounts payables, accounts reconciliation, inventory, fixed assets, general ledger, intercompany, exchange accounting, credits and receivables, SOX regulations, internal controls, Audit, Tax, Treasury).
Enjoy working with people of diverse cultural backgrounds.
Display initiative and leadership, handling multiple job responsibilities, setting priorities, maintaining a high level of accomplishment, and implementing improvements to processes.
Have the highest level of integrity and demonstrate commitment to uphold Chevron’s values and standards.
What You'll Do:

Chevron offers opportunities to support our operating companies around the world. The BASSC team provides support to all Chevron business segments – Upstream, Midstream and Downstream. As your career with Chevron progresses, you will have the opportunity to work in multiple groups. Your initial responsibilities will depend on which division you join, but may include:

Capital budgeting and cost analysis
Corporate or operating company-specific accounting and regulatory reporting
Financial forecasting, analysis and reporting
Finance/accounting counsel and consulting
Internal controls/compliance
Liaise with other finance divisions
Tracking accountability/scorecard metrics
Sarbanes-Oxley compliance and reporting
Corporate and Excise Tax
Credit
Relocation Options:

Relocation will not be considered.

International Considerations:

Expatriate assignments will not be considered.

Chevron regrets that it is unable to sponsor employment Visas or consider individuals on time-limited Visa status for this position.
