The Chevron Business Support Center located in Buenos Aires (Puerto Madero), Argentina, is accepting online applications for the position of Procurement Contract Advisor. Successful candidates will join the Procurement Shared Services Center, which is part of a successful multifunction service center with a workforce of more than 500 employees that delivers business services and solutions across the globe since 2006.

Responsibilities for this position may include but are not limited to:

Support development and implementation of IT and Professional Services Contracts, International Master Agreements and Upstream Agreements.
Follow up of service orders including drafting, negotiation and execution.
Following Corporate contracting policies and procedures.
Support advancement of the procurement function through development, improvement and implementation of procurement practices.
Required Qualifications:

At least 3 years’ experience in contracting.
BS degree in Law, Business Administration, International Trade/ technical related field.
Experience in creating new contracts, renewing existing contracts and negotiating contracts with new and existing suppliers.
Fluency on completing appropriate technical and commercial analysis to procure a variety of services at the best overall conditions.
Ability to support multiple contracting requests for various operating companies across Chevron.
Experienced and familiar in negotiating and preparing contracts/service orders
Understanding of business drivers and ability to develop work and execution plans to meet objectives.
Demonstrated ability to utilize all the tools and processes to evaluate multiple options for solutions.
Application of critical thinking & guidance to complex contracts and ability to demonstrate practical application of contracting principles
Collaboration with business stakeholders and category management to manage a portfolio of contracts and unplanned contract work
Knowledge of contracting principals, processes, standard contract forms, bidding and drafting.
Management of the start to process of gathering and validating required information from business representative, suppliers and procurement peers required for contracts and service orders.
In-depth knowledge application of contracting terminology and terms and conditions for various contracting requests.
Interface with Professionals, Project Managers, Business Representatives, Category Managers and other Stakeholders regarding contracting SOW's purchasing and overall contracting opportunities
Preferred Qualifications:

Supply Chain Management Degree or Certification

Chevron participates in E-Verify in certain locations as required by law.
