Chevron is one of the world's leading energy companies, with approximately 48,000 employees working in countries around the world. We explore, produce and transport crude oil and natural gas; refine, market and distribute fuels and other energy products; manufacture and sell petrochemical products; generate power; and develop future energy resources.

Chevron (Thailand) Ltd. is a subsidiary wholly owned of Chevron Corporation, the third largest global energy company in terms of global oil reserves, and the fourth largest in terms of global oil and natural gas production.

Established in 1948, Chevron (Thailand) Ltd. has been serving retail and commercial customers in Thailand for over a half a century through its Caltex brand. The company has a nationwide network of approximately 400 retail outlets. It distributes various fuels, including premium and regular gasohol, unleaded gasoline and diesel. Additionally, the company markets and distributes an extensive range of quality lubricants, including automotive engine oil and industrial lubricants.

Responsibilities for this position may include but are not limited to:

Helps identify and steward new Retailers, may be with the help of a Business Consultant, based on the retailer selection process.
Prepares and endorses branding proposals and works with Investors to align their projects in support of business objectives.
Approves expenditures within assigned or delegated authority level and determines/expedites higher approvals as needed.
Manages and provides support on post-acquisition /retention actions including but not limited to RORO (Retailer Owned, Retailer Operated) transactions, de-brands, restructuring deals, and loan conversions.
Coordinates site development with appropriate topic expert support groups within the organization including but not limited to: Credit, Legal, Business Planning Group, and Asset Optimization Team.
Manages including economic analysis, credit review, supply logistics, agreement preparation, branding, rebranding, image requirements, and training.
Provides tools and training to Marketing Assistant (if applicable) and identifies ways to remove barriers when possible.
Meets with new or competitive Retailers identified to Discuss the advantages of the Caltex Brand and reviews the Retailers plans to construct new sites or rebrand.
Forecasts with entire acquisition team regarding RORO acquisition capital, expense requirement and sales goals based on the requirements of the market.
Monitors/communicates site's actual performance versus projections, and actual branding cost versus budgeted cost.
Communicates performance to team and identifies corrective actions for areas of concern.
Keeps informed of competitive intelligence including acquisition activity.
Qualifications:

At least Bachelor’s degree preferably in Economics, Business Administration or Marketing
Minimum 8 years of working experience in related fields.  Retail fuel sales experience is an advantage
Possess strong communication, interpersonal and negotiation skills
Proficient English communications skills (speaking, writing, listening and reading)
Excellent people skills with ability to work with diverse groups
Good teamwork
Performance driven, self-motivated and solution orientated
Proficient Microsoft offices Program (e.g. Word, PowerPoint, Excel)
Possess valid driving license
Ability to travel and work in upcountry
Relocation Options:

Relocation will not be considered.


International Considerations:

Expatriate assignments will not be considered.

Regulatory Disclosure for US Positions:

Chevron is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer.  Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status, or other status protected by law or regulation.

Chevron participates in E-Verify in certain locations as required by law.

Chevron participates in E-Verify in certain locations as required by law.
