Chevron Holdings Inc. (CHI) is a pioneer and leading multi-function Shared Services Center in the Philippines located in Makati City. With a workforce of more than 1,000, CHI delivers business services and solutions in areas such as finance, human resources, procurement, sales and marketing support and information technology.

Chevron is accepting online applications for the Customer Service Specialist position through July 31, 2020 at 11:59 p.m. PH Time.

This role provides business support to the Lubricants Business of Chevron. Transactions handled are for various sales and marketing support functions for North America customers.

Responsibilities for this position may include, but are not limited to:

Responds and manages stakeholders needs from North America including order entry & monitoring, billing, payment processing and account administration.
Interprets, coordinates and resolves consumer concerns and opens a formal case for complaints requiring an investigation and/or research and applies appropriate judgment to properly manage cases and determine the most suitable actions needed to achieve the optimal case cycle time and customer satisfaction.
Utilizes multiple applications such as SAP, Salesforce, Microsoft Office, etc.
Articulates case symptoms, issues and case resolutions by updating the case management system and customer notes within developed guidelines.
Performs the reporting requirements, as applicable.
Engages with other Service Centers, as deemed appropriate.
Required Qualifications:

Bachelor's Degree in any business-related course
Minimum 2 years work experience
Excellent command of English language for both oral and written communication
Attention to details
With analytical and problem-solving skills
Can multi-task and can work independently
With good attendance record
Open to be assigned to night shift and to work on a shifting schedule, if needed
Preferred Qualifications:

With experience in SAP and Salesforce
With customer service and/or BPO background
Relocation Options:

Relocation will not be considered within Chevron parameters.


International Considerations:

Selected candidates will work in Philippines under the local payroll system and benefits.

Why join Chevron:

Chevron is one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies and has been doing business in the Philippines for more than 100 years
Chevron offers a competitive package and an opportunity to extend operational support for Chevron offices in five continents
Chevron provides career development opportunities to all employees through onboarding, training and development, mentoring, volunteering opportunities and employee networking groups
Chevron is proudly recognized as an employer of choice, guided by a vision of diversity, inclusion and a commitment to equal employment opportunity
Chevron operates with the highest ethical standards and place the highest priority on the safety and health of its workforce and the protection of communities and the environment
Chevron advocates work-life balance, promotes a healthy behavior in the workplace, and offers employees access to various health and wellness programs
Chevron supports a work-from-home arrangement during the COVID-19 pandemic, subject to operational needs
Recruitment Process and Onboarding during COVID 19 pandemic

HR initial phone screening, virtual panel interview, job offer, medical assessment, onboarding and orientation.

Chevron participates in E-Verify in certain locations as required by law.
