What IT Program & Project Management contributes to Cardinal Health

IT Program & Project Management is responsible for playing a key/critical role in realizing business value through the application of project management knowledge, skills, tools, and techniques to meet project objectives.

Accountabilities

Demonstrates knowledge of the project management initiating, planning, executing, monitoring/controlling, and closing processes.
Monitors performance and recommends scope, schedule, cost or resource adjustments
connects short-term demands to long-term implications, in alignment with the supporting business case.
Prioritizes multiple tasks while meeting deadlines
communicates project status (health, forecast, issues, risks, etc.) to stakeholders in an open and honest fashion.
Effectively balances competing project constraints including but not limited to scope, quality, schedule, funding, budget, resources, and risk, to manage project success.
Connects project objectives to broader organizational goals.
Provides input to contracts, reviews contracts to ensure completeness of scope and appropriate accountability based on role and/or responsibility.
Negotiates with stakeholders to obtain the resources necessary for successful project execution.
Qualifications

Bachelors Degree in related field or equivalent work experience
Proficiency in Microsoft Office products preferred
Knowledge of Anaplan/Willingness to learn how to use Anaplan



What is expected of you and others at this level

Applies basic concepts, principles, and technical capabilities to perform routine tasks
Works on projects of limited scope and complexity
Follows established procedures to resolve readily identifiable technical problems
Works under direct supervision and receives detailed instructions
Develops competence by performing structured work assignments
Cardinal Health is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.
