Job Description
The blockchain engineering team is looking for a Principal Developer who will provide thought leadership in developing the next generation of distributed platforms. The role will combine architectural design, technical leadership, and “hands-on” development. The ideal candidate will have extensive experience in distributed software development



Drives a technical community across the organization that fosters innovation, agile design, flexible teaming, and knowledge sharing and talent transformation.
Develops codes  as appropriate
Builds the architecture strategy and best practices for the Blockchain Engineering  team and partners across the businesses in close collaboration with our technology executives and business/customer stakeholders
Oversees the digital architecture vision for shared infrastructure, platform services, and the design patterns related to them.
Chooses the technologies for the implementation of each component and connections between the components; performs Architectural review and Code-reviews.
Creates a forum for innovation with the blockchain technology community that drives thought leadership around the digital architecture roadmap and strategy.
Champion best practices for enterprise-wide Digital success with Hybrid Cloud initiatives, micro services Infrastructure based technology, and deployment models.
Represents the blockchain engineering team both internally and externally as a technical thought leader.
10+ years’ experience in Developer / Design in large and complex distributed computing environments
2+ years blockchain security technologies or  cryptography knowledge or related subjects
Understanding and knowledge of Open source blockchain platform, Proof of Stake, etc.
Experience with Ethereum, Bitcoin.
Collaboratively define blockchain systems architecture and best practices
Strong command of computer science fundamentals
Security-first development mindset
Strong object oriented programming language background in one or more of the following languages: Go, C++, Rust, Java, JavaScript
Proven track record of delivering software development projects
Experience with Linux and Ubuntu
Knowledge of  traditional storage architecture as well as storage virtualization
Experience with cloud infrastructure services such as Amazon, Google, or Microsoft
Familiarity with using Git or other version control software for source code management
Desired Skills

Distributed computing experience such as Kafka and RabbitMQ
Experience with one or more front-development frameworks, such as React or Angular
Thorough understanding of cryptographic protocols and blockchain implementations
A working knowledge of Docker and of using the Vagrant environment
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Self-starter that requires minimal supervision
Flexible / adaptable - able to work with diverse groups of people including all levels of business management
Excellent project management and facilitation skills


About Us
JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants’ and employees’ religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans
About the Team
The Chief Technology Office oversees enabling components inclusive of the top quality engineering and architecture tools and practices, key program management and processes as well as the technology workforce strategy required to make us a leading technology company for our customers, clients and colleagues around the world.
