Job Description
The Legal Department of JPMorgan Chase & Co provides legal services and advice to the Firm globally. Legal is responsible for, among other things:

managing actual and potential litigation and enforcement matters, including internal reviews and investigations related to such matters
advising on products and services, including contract negotiation and documentation
advising on offering and marketing documents and new business initiatives
managing dispute resolution
interpreting existing laws, rules and regulations, and advising on changes thereto
advising on advocacy in connection with contemplated and proposed laws, rules and regulations, and
providing legal advice to the Board of Directors, the business and functions. Legal selects, engages and manages outside counsel for the Firm on all matters in which outside counsel is engaged.

DESCRIPTION
An attorney with 5-7 years of experience is needed to provide legal support to JPMorgan’s Securities Services business.  J.P. Morgan Securities Services is a global leader providing solutions and helping institutional investors optimize efficiency, mitigate risk and enhance revenue through trust, custody and asset servicing in more than 100 markets.



The attorney will work closely with Securities Services on product development, complex business transactions, implementation of new regulatory requirements and day-to-day business support including contract drafting and negotiation.  The position entails extensive, independent contact with, and support of, senior business personnel within Securities Services and significant opportunity for career development. As a member of the Securities Services Global Practice Group, the attorney will be expected to collaborate effectively with practice group colleagues globally.


This position is located in Chicago.



RESPONSIBILITIES TO INCLUDE:

Providing legal guidance and expertise to the Securities business teams including general advice and negotiation and drafting of transaction documentation and contracts.  Providing legal guidance and support to other segment teams as needed.
Providing legal support to the Collateral Management, Trust, Custody, Fund Services, and Depository Receipts product teams.
Working with the business and industry groups to assess and implement new regulatory requirements.
Reviewing regulatory disclosures and marketing materials.
Assessing legal risk, advising on such risk and reviewing policies and procedures and process changes to mitigate risk.
Participating in business and functional teams and committees to provide legal expertise as needed.
Participating in industry advocacy groups and legislative lobbying efforts as needed.

Qualifications
The successful candidatewill have the following personal attributes:

Ability to understand the business needs and partner with the business and controls partners to create solutions;
Strong organizational and project management skills;
Excellent verbal and written communication skills;
Pragmatic with excellent business sense;
Strong understanding of the interplay between legal and business risk;
Ability to interact effectively with clients;
Strong negotiation skills;
Strong drafting skills;
Ability to think outside the box and focus on key points; and
Ability to work independently, manage complex projects and multitask successfully in fast-paced and complex business environment.
Background in providing legal services to operationally intensive businesses is preferred.
5-7 years experience with a major law firm (or equivalent in-house experience).
JD or educational equivalent required. Attorney candidates must be in compliance with all relevant licensing requirements including the requirements of the jurisdiction where the role will be located prior to commencement of employment.
All candidates for roles in the Legal department must successfully complete a conflicts of interest clearance review prior to commencement of employment.
About Us
JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants’ and employees’ religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans
About the Team
Our professionals in our Corporate Functions cover a diverse range of areas from finance and risk to human resources and marketing. Our corporate teams are an essential part of our company, ensuring that we’re setting our businesses, clients, customers and employees up for success.

With large, global operations, the Legal team tackles complex issues and helps shape the regulations that affect the businesses. The group is organized into practice groups that align with the lines of business and corporate staff areas, which encourages collaboration on legal, regulatory and business developments as they arise.
