Job Description
﻿A successful Administrative Assistant possesses structure, attention to detail, quality focus, high energy and flexibility to a high-paced deadline driven organization. In this role you will need to work well in a team environment, be able to represent the manager/group with professional courtesy and acumen, and deliver flawless work output. Your daily routine also includes interaction with various executive level internal clients across the lines of businesses. You will need to adapt procedures, processes and techniques to complete assignments in line with the department's activities and goals.

Responsibilities

Maintain complex and detailed calendars
Screen incoming calls and determine the level of priority, while using caution in dispensing information
Manage the coordination and logistics of both internal and external meetings
Arrange and coordinate complicated domestic and international travel
Organize all aspects for offsite conferences and external events, including catering and transportation
Process invoices and T&E expense claims for team members. Ensure all policies are followed and items are processed within provided guidelines. Act as a subject matter experts for policies and procedures
Assist with staff on-boarding and off-boarding, which includes requesting equipment setup and system access
Produce high quality emails and messages to individuals at all levels of the organization
Maintain current organizational charts and Executive Bio’s
Handle regular activities without prompting, and advise in advance with issues or delays
Assist in editing spreadsheets and presentations, including printing and binding, for client meetings
Work cooperatively with the administrative assistants team, in positive partnership to support each other smoothly
Lead and coordinate on ad hoc projects as requested
Qualifications

At least five years of administrative experience, ideally supporting at the Managing Director level (or equivalent) or above
Advanced ability to organize
Tact and good judgment in confidential situations, and proven experience interacting with senior management
Strong interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills
Strong proficiency in Microsoft Office
Excellent telephone etiquette and ability to manage competing priorities i.e. calendar management
College degree is a plus
About Us
Chase is a leading financial services firm, helping nearly half of America’s households and small businesses achieve their financial goals through a broad range of financial products. Our mission is to create engaged, lifelong relationships and put our customers at the heart of everything we do. We also help small businesses, nonprofits and cities grow, delivering solutions to solve all their financial needs.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants’ and employees’ religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans

About the Team
Our Consumer & Community Banking division serves our Chase customers through a range of financial services, including personal banking, credit cards, mortgages, auto financing, investment advice, small business loans and payment processing. We’re proud to lead the U.S. in credit card sales and deposit growth and have the most-used digital solutions – all while ranking first in customer satisfaction.
