About GM
There’s never been a more exciting time to work for General Motors.

To achieve our vision of a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion, we need people to join us who are passionate about creating safer, better and more sustainable ways for people to get around. This bold vision won’t happen overnight, but just as we transformed how the world moved in the last century, we are committed to transforming how we move today and in the future.

Why Work for Us
Our culture is focused on building inclusive teams, where differences and unique perspectives are embraced so you can contribute to your fullest potential as you pursue your career. Our locations feature a variety of work environments, including open work spaces and virtual connection platforms to inspire productivity and flexible collaboration. And we are proud to support our employees volunteer interests, and make it a priority to join together in efforts that give back to our communities.

Job Description
At GM, our culture is to have a "One team" approach, where we collaborate cross functionally to achieve enterprise wide results. In this internship you will work with many different teams to get to one larger goal. As a Finance Analyst, you will support and consult with multiple facets of the General Motors global portfolio by designing and implementing timely business solutions. Finance Analysts are expected to help solve challenging and mission critical issues facing the company.

Finance Development Rotational Program:

This program is comprised of select employees that recently attained a bachelor’s degree in finance, accounting or a related business field without full-time relevant prior work experience. This program offers three (3) rotational assignments in high visibility areas. Rotational analysts will rotate on average every 12 months pending proven performance in each rotation. Upon completion of the program, bachelor's degree candidates are expected to progress to either a broad managerial development path or to a specific business area developmental path.

Rotations typically consist of at least one (1) project requiring advanced data gathering, analytical capability, and presentation skills. Each project gives an opportunity to propose and implement business solutions with regional and/or global footprints. Analysts are expected to consult with GM’s globally diverse organizations to gather data, perform analyses, and present recommendations to senior GM executives. The positions are primarily in SE Michigan, but can also include a plant across the country and, in later rotations, possibly overseas in business units or regional treasury centers. There are three primary paths to choose within GM Finance, including Operations, Treasury, and Accounting roles.

Accounting

Rotations may include: Controllership, Tax, and Audit
Rotations will provide candidates with the work experience necessary towards obtaining a CPA license and may include consolidating and reporting company results, analyzing transactions for appropriate accounting treatment, and serving as a strategic business partner to increase transparency, improve efficiency, shorten decision cycle times, and reinforce financial integrity and accountability.
Additional Job DescriptionQualifications:
Currently pursuing a Bachelor's degree in Business, Finance, Accounting, Economics or related fields (including MAcc or double major – to get to 150 credit hours needed to sit for the CPA exam)
Must have a minimum of a 3.0 overall GPA on a 4.0 scale
Demonstrates leadership in field of study, extra-curricular activities or service organizations
Must be graduating between July 2020 and June 2021
Strong Analytical Skills:
Familiarity using of common financial tools (ROI, NPV, IRR, etc.)
Knowledge of corporate finance principles including ability to perform balance sheet analysis, Income statement analysis, cash flow statement analysis, capital structure analysis, etc.
Familiarity with basic accounting principles or advanced accounting principles for Accounting roles
Advanced Excel skills and strong modeling and financial valuation skills
Teamwork/Leadership Skills:
Can work with people within and outside the group, including cross-functional partners
Solves problems and develops new methods of analysis to streamline decision-making
Searches out and corrects inconsistent data; finds and fixes root cause and understands the drivers
Desired Skills:
High level of integrity, ability to deal with ambiguity, takes initiative/self-directed

Evidence of strong character with honesty, accountability and trust
Ability to prioritize, multi-task, and meet goals in a fast-paced environment
Ability to work well with teams and cross-functional groups
Functional/Technical Skills, Problem Solving, Drive for Results, Decision Quality, Interpersonal Savvy, Strategic Agility, Managerial Courage, Innovative Thinking
Relocation assistance is available to candidates who meet eligibility requirements.

PLEASE ONLY APPLY IF YOU DO NOT NEED SPONSORSHIP TO WORK IN THE UNITED STATES NOW OR IN THE FUTURE. WE ARE UNABLE TO CONSIDER CANDIDATES WHO REQUIRE SPONSORSHIP.

Diversity Information
General Motors is committed to being a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that genuinely fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that workforce diversity creates an environment in which our employees can thrive and develop better products for our customers. We understand and embrace the variety through which people gain experiences whether through professional, personal, educational, or volunteer opportunities.

We encourage interested candidates to review the key responsibilities and qualifications and apply for any positions that match your skills and capabilities.
