About GM
There’s never been a more exciting time to work for General Motors.

To achieve our vision of a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion, we need people to join us who are passionate about creating safer, better and more sustainable ways for people to get around. This bold vision won’t happen overnight, but just as we transformed how the world moved in the last century, we are committed to transforming how we move today and in the future.

Why Work for Us
Our culture is focused on building inclusive teams, where differences and unique perspectives are embraced so you can contribute to your fullest potential as you pursue your career. Our locations feature a variety of work environments, including open work spaces and virtual connection platforms to inspire productivity and flexible collaboration. And we are proud to support our employees volunteer interests, and make it a priority to join together in efforts that give back to our communities.

Job Description
In recent years, GM Information Technology has successfully executed the largest IT transformation in the history of the automotive industry, fully insourcing what once was a nearly completely outsourced IT function.  Today GM IT is a dynamic and fast paced organization that designs, develops and maintains all IT infrastructure, applications and solutions enabling GM’s global operations.  From designing and building the next generation of electric and other vehicles to developing a world-class GM experience for our dealers and customers, GM IT is driving real change in the most iconic automaker on the planet.  Our team delivers unique enterprise-wide IT solutions in cutting-edge technologies such as mobility, telematics, mission-critical business systems, supercomputing, cloud, vehicle engineering and real-time computing.  We offer challenging positions for passionate professionals looking to advance their careers and be a part of an IT organization focused on innovation, speed and business value.

The executive  assistant role will be responsible for managing all aspects of office administration. The person in this role must use independent thinking and judgment with sole discretion for office procedures. The position responsibilities include a broad scope of tasks including schedule and calendar management, working with executive assistants

to schedule meetings with various senior leaders and coordination of travel and events, presentation creation and records management. The position requires someone with a strong attention to detail, good organization, and critical thinking skills. The person in the role must handle all responsibilities in a discrete and efficient manner and have strong Outlook, Word and PowerPoint skills.

Duties and Responsibilities:

Manage an active calendar of appointments, understand priority / urgency, and reorganize appropriately Expedite handling of correspondence, global e-mail requests and phone calls while maintaining a high level of discretion
and communicating professionally in writing and verbally across all levels of the company and externally
MS Office products (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) and other technology to prepare, modify and proofread presentation materials, organization charts, reports and letters
Complete various assignments as requested with minimal supervision, including meeting planning, floor and emergency coordinator duties, contractor badging administration, external vendor support, and special projects
Maintain records, confidential files and GM specific reports
Provide floor coordination support as needed
Schedule complex meetings and maintain multiple calendars
Support travel arrangements, Visa, Passport and associated expense reports
Manage all aspects of office administration using independent thinking and judgment with sole discretion for office
procedures
Make decisions regarding the distribution/flow of information and work Non-Disclosure Agreement Support OPRA / Procurement Tracker – Invoicing for department related purchases
Knowledge of IT / Cell phone / Phone / MML / Webex / Skype and other Telepresence systems
Continuously look for ways to improve efficiencies of day to day tasks
Other administrative tasks not previously mentioned
Additional Job Description
Requirements:

Must have 7+ years of experience as an administrative assistant
Must have excellent verbal and written communication skills
Must be proficient in all aspects of MS Office
Must have excellent planning and analytical skills
Must be able to facilitate large town hall/group meetings including remote, audio visual, video conferencing
Must be able to handle discretion with critical business and personal matters
Must be able to make and manage calendaring, travel arrangements
Benefits Overview
The goal of the General Motors total rewards program is to support the health and well-being of you and your family. Our comprehensive compensation plan incudes, the following benefits, in addition to many others:
• Paid time off including vacation days, holidays, and parental leave for mothers, fathers and adoptive parents;
• Healthcare (including a triple tax advantaged health savings account and wellness incentive), dental, vision and life insurance plans to cover you and your family;
• Company and matching contributions to 401K savings plan to help you save for retirement;
• Global recognition program for peers and leaders to recognize and be recognized for results and behaviors that reflect our company values;
• Tuition assistance and student loan refinancing;
• Discount on GM vehicles for you, your family and friends.

Diversity Information
General Motors is committed to being a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that genuinely fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that workforce diversity creates an environment in which our employees can thrive and develop better products for our customers. We understand and embrace the variety through which people gain experiences whether through professional, personal, educational, or volunteer opportunities.

We encourage interested candidates to review the key responsibilities and qualifications and apply for any positions that match your skills and capabilities.
