About GM
There’s never been a more exciting time to work for General Motors.

To achieve our vision of a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion, we need people to join us who are passionate about creating safer, better and more sustainable ways for people to get around. This bold vision won’t happen overnight, but just as we transformed how the world moved in the last century, we are committed to transforming how we move today and in the future.

Why Work for Us
Our culture is focused on building inclusive teams, where differences and unique perspectives are embraced so you can contribute to your fullest potential as you pursue your career. Our locations feature a variety of work environments, including open work spaces and virtual connection platforms to inspire productivity and flexible collaboration. And we are proud to support our employees volunteer interests, and make it a priority to join together in efforts that give back to our communities.

Job Description
Acting as a strategic partner, we provide support to help hardworking people develop their capabilities and competencies to accomplish strategic objectives. In addition, we contribute to the development and fulfillment of GM’s business plan and objectives. Our team consistently works with our partners to diagnose problems, plan and implement solutions, and evaluate results. We help optimize the talent of our GM team while actively building an inclusive culture to win.

In our Human Resources internship program, you’ll learn from industry leaders and gain invaluable experience to catapult your career!

Internship Focus Areas:

Global Compensation and Benefits: An assignment in this Center of Expertise could include research and analysis in compensation and benefits or HR policy.

Global Talent: Intern assignments in Global Talent provide diverse exposure to research efforts in talent analytics, employee engagement, GM’s Workplace of Choice strategy, and leadership development initiatives.

Global Talent Acquisition: Interns in this Center of Expertise would assist in the development of strategy, training, and coordination of events for all recruitment related activity. Our Global Talent Acquisition team is committed to attracting the world's most innovative and diverse talent for GM.

Global Manufacturing Labor: Assignments in this area would involve administrating local and national agreements; Processing grievances, exercising conflict resolution skills, leading aspects of hourly employment, and coordinating initiatives to reduce absenteeism. Interns would be responsible for promoting a positive working relationship with the Union through consistent application of local and national agreements. Interns would also support in the implementation of Competitive Manufacturing Systems.

HR Field: An assignment as an HR Business Partner could include HR related project work for the assigned functional/staff/plant group; research and analysis of complex people issues; assisting in the resolution of employee relations issues; identification of process improvements and associated projects; facilitate HR Management meetings and assist with implementing change management and organizational development activities.

Additional Job Description
Qualifications:

Currently pursuing a Bachelor's degree in Human Resources or related fields
Must have a minimum of a 3.0 overall GPA on a 4.0 scale
Sophomore status or above
Demonstrates leadership in field of study, extra-curricular activities or service organizations
Able to work full-time - 40 hours per week during the summer months
Desired Skills:

Outstanding interpersonal and relationship management skills with the ability to effectively collaborate with varying levels of the organization
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to distill complex subjects to a wider audience
Emerging partnership and collaboration skills and ability to learn from and share knowledge with co-workers in a fast-paced environment
High level of integrity, ability to deal with ambiguity, takes initiative/self-directed
Evidence of strong character with integrity, honesty, accountability and trust
Consistently demonstrates innovative thinking that is customer-centric
Housing assistance is available to candidates who meet eligibility requirements.

PLEASE ONLY APPLY IF YOU DO NOT NEED SPONSORSHIP TO WORK IN THE UNITED STATES NOW OR IN THE FUTURE. WE ARE UNABLE TO CONSIDER CANDIDATES WHO REQUIRE SPONSORSHIP.

Diversity Information
General Motors is committed to being a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that genuinely fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that workforce diversity creates an environment in which our employees can thrive and develop better products for our customers. We understand and embrace the variety through which people gain experiences whether through professional, personal, educational, or volunteer opportunities.

We encourage interested candidates to review the key responsibilities and qualifications and apply for any positions that match your skills and capabilities.
