Job Description

Job Summary

Responsible for updating process documentation and reviewing of key business processes and internal controls within the Retail Pharmacy USA Division.  Assesses the adequacy of internal controls over financial reporting (ICFR).  Performs ongoing testing of ICFR and ensures processes and/or businesses are in compliance with financial controls requirements, including Sarbanes-Oxley (“SOX”).  Assists with remediation of open control deficiencies.  Assists with SOX and other similar certification for assigned business processes within the Retail Pharmacy USA business.

Job Responsibilities
Assists with updating process documentation, including review and validation of key business processes and internal controls within the Retail Pharmacy USA business to ensure consistency with other WBA Divisions.  Performs periodic quality reviews and liaisons with business owners to update documentation accordingly.
Manages internal control testing plans across the business and IT processes . Ensures testing plans are executed within the agreed-upon timeline and updated to reflect issues identified during testing. Establishes additional controls as remediation.
Leads sessions to discuss testing procedures and findings with process owners.  Partners with the process owners to develop remediation plans to address internal control deficiencies and failures arising from the testing process.  Oversees the implementation of identified remediation tactics.
Monitors processes to ensure changes impacting financial/regulatory reporting are appropriately identified and assessed.
Provides progress updates to Financial Controls Managers and Director on process documentation status, control testing and deficiency remediation.
Assists with the quarterly SOX certification and other monthly certification exercise and provides updates to senior management on the status.  Participates as needed to interview process owners and leaders in the Divisional functions to ensure that all certification qualifications are assessed and addressed accordingly.
As appropriate, assists the Financial Controls Managers and Director with other key audit priorities, including risk assessment, deficiency evaluations, certifications, and Letter of Representation.

Walgreens (walgreens.com), one of the nation's largest drugstore chains, is included in the Retail Pharmacy USA Division of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (Nasdaq: WBA), a global leader in retail and wholesale pharmacy. Walgreens is proud to be a neighborhood health, beauty and retail destination supporting communities across the country, and was named to FORTUNE* magazine’s 2019 Companies that Change the World list. Approximately 8 million customers interact with Walgreens in stores and online each day. As of August 31, 2019, Walgreens operates 9,277 drugstores with a presence in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, along with its omnichannel business, Walgreens.com. Walgreens also provides specialty pharmacy and mail services and offers in-store clinics and other health care services throughout the United States, most of which are operated by our health care strategic partners.


External Basic Qualifications

Bachelor's Degree and at least 1 years of experience in accounting, finance, or audit OR High School/GED and at least 4 years of experience in accounting, finance, or audit.
Experience in Sarbanes-Oxley internal control documentation, testing and assessment.
Experience with evaluating internal controls including walkthroughs, evidence testing, IPC/IUC testing, and documenting testing in a workpaper.
Experience applying internal control concepts such as COSO and COBIT.
Intermediate level skill in Microsoft Excel (for example: using SUM function, setting borders, setting column width, inserting charts, using text wrap, sorting, setting headers and footers and/or print scaling).
Intermediate level skill in Microsoft Word (for example: inserting headers, page breaks, page numbers and tables and/or adjusting table columns).
Intermediate level skill in Microsoft PowerPoint (for example: applying a theme, formatting character spacing, inserting a picture, changing slide layout and theme colors, adding transitions, customizing slide numbers, changing chart style and/or formatting font).
Intermediate level skill in Microsoft Visio (for example: making changes to the flow based on changes in the process, changing style and/or formatting font).
Willing to travel up to 15% of the time for business purposes (within state and out of state).

Preferred Qualifications

Advanced qualifications such as Certified Internal Auditor (CIA), Certified Public Accountant (CPA), Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE), or Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA).
Master’s degree in Accounting or MBA
Experience in the Retail, Pharmaceutical, or Healthcare industry.
