Job Description

Job Summary
Conducts and manages internal investigations under direction of Director, Internal Investigations. Collaborates with cross-functional partners including Asset Protection, Employee Relations, Privacy, Legal and Audit relating to investigation handling and reporting. Creates relevant tracking reports regarding case status and assists in management of case management system.  Provides management support of program elements including governance, policies, monitoring, training and reporting.

Job Responsibilities
Manages and conducts investigations under the direction of Director, Internal Investigations.
Drafts investigation case summaries and works with Legal counsel as appropriate.
Identifies opportunities to improve and streamline reporting of investigations.
Assists in development of standards and/or charters for WBA or divisional disciplinary review committees.
Designs KPIs and reports for management and BOD to highlight investigation trends.
Effectively maintains collaborative working relationships to achieve increased satisfaction with, and participation in, the compliance program.
Develops and coordinates training relating to investigation processes; may create job aides or other tools as needed.
Coordinates with Training team and International and RPU Compliance leads to address systemic or process improvements identified during the course of investigations.
Coordinates with Data Analytics/Monitoring team to design periodic monitoring and review of investigation data
Maintains up to date compliance expertise, skills and competency regarding evolving laws, regulations, guidance and directives impacting Walgreens product offerings.

Walgreens (walgreens.com), one of the nation's largest drugstore chains, is included in the Retail Pharmacy USA Division of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (Nasdaq: WBA), a global leader in retail and wholesale pharmacy. Walgreens is proud to be a neighborhood health, beauty and retail destination supporting communities across the country, and was named to FORTUNE* magazine’s 2019 Companies that Change the World list. Approximately 8 million customers interact with Walgreens in stores and online each day. As of August 31, 2019, Walgreens operates 9,277 drugstores with a presence in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, along with its omnichannel business, Walgreens.com. Walgreens also provides specialty pharmacy and mail services and offers in-store clinics and other health care services throughout the United States, most of which are operated by our health care strategic partners.




External Basic Qualifications

Bachelor's degree and at least 2 years of experience in a legal, consulting, audit regulatory, research or compliance role.
Experience conducting research.
Experience conducting investigations and the investigation process.
Experience establishing and maintaining relationships with individuals at all levels of the organization, in the business community, and with vendors.
Knowledge of health care compliance regulations.
Experience working both independently and within a team environment.
Experience evaluating information to determine compliance with standards, laws, and regulations.
Experience with project management (for example: planning, organizing, and managing resources to bring about the successful completion of specific project goals and objectives).
Experience analyzing and reporting data in order to identify issues, trends, or exceptions to drive improvement of results and find solutions.
Experience with case management or other tracking systems.
Willing to travel up to 10% of the time for business purposes (within state and out of state).

Preferred Qualifications

At least 5 years of experience in a legal, consulting, audit regulatory, research or compliance role.
Knowledge of the principles of health information management
Experience in a hospital, healthcare, and/or compliance setting.
Juris Doctorate
