Job Description

Job Objectives

Performs various administrative duties in an efficient manner to support area office staff.
Coordinates and controls the activities, plans, and programs of the designated areas of responsibility.
Models and delivers a distinctive and delightful customer experience.

Job Responsibilities/Tasks

Customer Experience
Resolves customer issues and answers questions to ensure a positive customer experience.  Documents customer complaints in Power Center system.
Models and shares customer service best practices with all area staff to deliver a distinctive and delightful customer experience, including interpersonal habits (e.g., greeting, eye contact, courtesy, etc.) and Walgreens service traits (e.g., offering help proactively, identifying needs, servicing until satisfied, etc.).

Operations

Screens telephone calls, redirects to individuals who can quickly and efficiently respond when needed, and takes messages as necessary.
Screens correspondence, prioritizes mail, and drafts responses as appropriate.  Refers more complex issues and/or urgent matters to the appropriate individual, gathers any additional information needed to respond.
Schedules, prioritizes and follows up on meetings and appointments. Maintains calendar and issues reminders and monitors appointments to assure the office operates efficiently.
Coordinates meetings by ensuring that the appropriate software, equipment, meeting space, and other items (pre-meeting documentation, food, supplies, etc.) are available.
Makes necessary travel arrangements, including ground transportation and hotel accommodations.  Prepares travel itineraries for supervisor and direct reports.
Processes expense reports and monitors incoming invoices and donation requests.  Prepares forms to process and pay invoices for area office and stores.  Reconciles district ledgers including payroll distribution on a monthly basis.
Prepares area staff and store managers’ payroll; resolves payroll issues when necessary.
Creates Rate and Status changes for store managers, pharmacists and area staff, as directed.
Processes store or pharmacy hours changes on WalNet, resets Authenticator IDs.  Informs Board of Pharmacy about any Pharmacy Manager changes.
Organizes and maintains paperwork and files from all stores in the area.
Handles confidential and/or sensitive information with discretion.
Complies with all company policies and procedures; maintains respectful relationships with coworkers.
Performs general office duties and completes special assignments and other tasks as assigned.

Training and Personal Development

Attends training and completes PPLs requested by Director, Pharmacy and Retail or Regional Vice President.
Seeks self-development by monitoring one’s performance, setting high personal standards, seeking best practices, learning from others, and improving one’s job performance.
Communications

Serves as a liaison between the stores, the area office and the corporate office.
Reports disciplinary issues and customer complaints to management.

Walgreens, one of the nation's largest drugstore chains, is included in the Retail Pharmacy USA Division of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc., the first global pharmacy-led, health and wellbeing enterprise. More than 10 million customers interact with Walgreens each day in communities across America, using the most convenient, multichannel access to consumer goods and services and trusted, cost-effective pharmacy, health and wellness services and advice. Walgreens operates 8,175 drugstores with a presence in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Walgreens omnichannel business includes Walgreens.com. Approximately 400 Walgreens stores offer Healthcare Clinic or other provider retail clinic services.

As the neighborhood drugstore and retailer, our goal is to make health and happiness simpler, easier and within reach. And we remain a trusted wellness provider offering convenient access to important health services, such as immunizations and an array of pharmacy services that can help patients improve their health. To our team members, Walgreens represents a unique opportunity to excel in their careers in a welcoming and inclusive environment. We offer the chance to work in a truly supportive environment, and be a part of a progressive organization dedicated to the well-being of our customers, team members and the communities we all call home.


External Basic Qualifications

High School Diploma / GED.
Basic level skill in Microsoft Excel (for example: opening a workbook, inserting a row, selecting font style and size, formatting cells as currency, using copy, paste and save functions, aligning text, selecting cells, renaming a worksheet, inserting a column, selecting a chart style, inserting a worksheet, setting margins, selecting page orientation, using spell check and/or printing worksheets).
Basic skill level in Microsoft PowerPoint (for example: inserting, rearranging, hiding and deleting slides, navigating between slides, increasing list level, adding, centering and editing text, changing views, inserting a table or a note, moving objects, printing outline view and/or running a slide show).
Basic level skill in Microsoft Word (for example:  opening a document, cutting, pasting and aligning text, selecting font type and size, changing margins and column width, sorting, inserting bullets, pictures and dates, using find and replace, undo, spell check, track changes, review pane and/or print functions).

Preferred Qualifications

Prefer to have prior work experience with Walgreens.
