Job Description

Job Objectives
Learn to provide the best patient experience through assisting the pharmacist and pharmacy team members in accordance with state and federal regulations.
Responsible for using pharmacy systems to obtain patient and drug information and process prescriptions.
Models and delivers a distinctive and delightful customer experience.
Learns and champions pharmacy policy, procedures, and customer service best practices needed to perform as a future pharmacist.
Job Responsibilities/Tasks

Customer Experience
Engages customers and patients by greeting them and offering assistance with products and services.  Resolves customer issues and answers questions to ensure a positive customer experience.
Models and shares customer service best practices with all team members to deliver a distinctive and delightful customer experience, including interpersonal habits (e.g., greeting, eye contact, courtesy, etc.) and Walgreens service traits (e.g., offering help proactively, identifying needs, servicing until satisfied, etc.).
Develops strong relationships with customers.
Operations
Learn from store and pharmacy team members, field leadership, team members and customers/patients
Under the supervision by the pharmacist, assist in the practice of pharmacy, in accordance with state, federal, and company policy.  Reviews and complies with the Walgreen Co. Pharmacy Code of Conduct.
Performs duties as assigned and supervised by the pharmacist in accordance with Walgreens standard operating procedures for entering, third party processing, filling, and dispensing prescriptions.
Assists pharmacists and other healthcare providers in delivering patient care and services that are within the state scope of practice for pharmacy interns including patient counseling and other health services (i.e. blood pressure, medication therapy management).
Immediately reports prescription errors to pharmacist on duty and adheres to Company policies and procedures in relation to pharmacy errors and the Quality Improvement Program.
Strictly adheres to the Walgreen Co. policy regarding Good Faith Dispensing
Responsible and accountable for registering all related sales on assigned cash register, collects and handles cash as required.  Takes customer to OTC aisle when possible to assist in locating products.
Handles telephone calls that do not require personal attention of the pharmacist, including those to physicians.
Assists and supports Pharmacy Department on inventory management activities, such as, ordering, unpacking, checking and storing shipment of pharmaceuticals.  Maintains knowledge of Company asset protection techniques, and files claims for warehouse overages (merchandise received, but not billed), shortages (merchandise billed, but not received), order errors or damaged goods involving Rx drugs.
Assists with exterior and interior maintenance by ensuring the Pharmacy Department is stocked with adequate supplies, clean, neat and orderly in condition and appearance.
Complies with all company policies and procedures; maintains respectful relationships with coworkers.
Complete special assignments and other tasks as assigned.
Training & Personal Development
Complete required training
Maintains knowledge and skill in healthcare and pharmacy, including latest news and developments.

External Basic Qualifications

Must be enrolled in a school of Pharmacy program
Must be fluent in reading, writing, and speaking English. (Except in Puerto Rico)
Requires willingness to work flexible schedule, including evening and weekend hours.

Preferred Qualifications

Prefer six months of experience in a retail environment.
Prefer to have prior work experience with Walgreens.
Prefer good math skills so they can fill prescriptions accurately, including counting, measuring and weighing medications.
An Equal Opportunity Employer, including disability/veterans.

Employment TypeFlexible hours
Job Function

Retail

ShiftVarious
Campus Req?

No
