What you’ll be doing...

Driving continuous improvement is what we are all about and you will support our efforts through providing objective evaluations of our technology processes to make us better. You’ll gain exposure to the diverse aspects of our business through collaborating with different business leaders related to our technology controls, processes, and systems. The work you perform is critical to reducing risk and providing solutions that protect our company, our employees and our shareholders.

Developing and executing technology-based audits and IT and application control assessments during complex business process reviews.
Learning the functions being audited to verify the effectiveness of existing technology controls.
Identifying technology control risks to improve process effectiveness.
Developing action plans and communicating concise recommendations to management.
Identifying risks associated with new technology.
Participating in department initiatives to further develop the Internal Audit function.
What we’re looking for...

You’re a great teammate who enjoys collaborating with various partners to achieve winning outcomes. You understand the importance of keeping the lines of communication across all levels to earn trust. You listen carefully with an intent to understand. You like digging into the details and coming up with recommendations that will have a huge impact.

You’ll need to have:

Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience.
Four or more years of relevant work experience.
IT auditing experience in at least one of the following areas: IT security administration, UNIX, Linux, or Windows platforms system administration, IT Architect, network security, network administration, network operation center experience and/or SAP and/or PeopleSoft technical support knowledge.
Experience applying technical knowledge in at least one of the following areas: IT operations or application reviews, network operations or security audits, SSAE16 or PCI compliance engagements and/or ERP security and control reviews (Oracle, SAP, PeopleSoft).
Knowledge of networks technology, operating systems, midrange platforms, personal computers, system development, client/server architecture.
Willingness to travel up to 25%.
Even better if you have:

Bachelor’s degree in Management Information Systems, Computer Science, or related technical field.
CISA and/or CISSP certification.
Experience with ACL, Idea, Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, Visual Basic, Microsoft.NET framework, Microsoft Access, SQL, Microsoft Exchange, or Hyperion applications.
Technology Audit experience in a Public Accounting firm.
When you join Verizon...

You’ll have the power to go beyond – doing the work that’s transforming how people, businesses and things connect with each other. Not only do we provide the fastest and most reliable network for our customers, but we were first to 5G - a quantum leap in connectivity. Our connected solutions are making communities stronger and enabling energy efficiency. Here, you’ll have the ability to make an impact and create positive change. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, join our team of the best and brightest. We offer great pay, amazing benefits and opportunity to learn and grow in every role. Together we’ll go far.

Equal Employment Opportunity

We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.
