What you’ll be doing...

As Associate General Counsel – Treasury, you will provide legal support to the Verizon Treasury department in connection with various sophisticated financing and capital markets transactions.

Your responsibilities will include:

Acting as lead legal counsel in connection with the evaluation, negotiation and execution of complex financing transactions, including the securitization of device payment plan receivables, through both public asset-backed securities transactions and private warehouse transactions; U.S. and international unsecured debt transactions; liability management transactions; credit facilities; aircraft and equipment leasing transactions; corporate guarantees; equity funding of employee benefit plans; and derivatives transactions. You will:

Manage the legal deal process, from planning and strategy through closing;

Negotiate all transaction documents and draft related disclosure;

Coordinate any necessary filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC); and

Review rating agency and investor presentation materials.

Primary legal responsibility for all aspects of the device payment plan securitization program, including:

Interpreting application of securitization transaction requirements to business initiatives and advising business stakeholders thereon;

Advising on monthly top up transactions and any clean up redemptions;

Overseeing compliance with SEC periodic and other reporting requirements relating to the securitization program; and

Monitoring and counseling on legal and regulatory developments relating to securitization transactions.

Advising the Verizon Treasury department on ongoing legal matters, including regulatory compliance, general corporate matters, disclosure issues and contract negotiations.

Collaborating with tax, accounting, audit, sourcing, and other internal Verizon groups, as well as other experts in the legal department, to facilitate financing and capital markets transactions.

Overseeing outside counsel.

What we’re looking for...

You will need to have:

Juris Doctorate with strong academic credentials
Active and good standing licenses in at least one state (if not New Jersey, then eligibility for New Jersey In-House Counsel Limited Licensure)
9+ years of practice in a law firm and/or in-house legal department
Even better if you have:

Securitization experience
Proven ability to prioritize multiple responsibilities and process a large volume of work in a timely manner with attention to detail
Outstanding writing, editing and oral communication skills, adaptive to and effective for different audiences
Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to build and maintain relationships within an organization
When you join Verizon...

You’ll have the power to go beyond – doing the work that’s transforming how people, businesses and things connect with each other. Not only do we provide the fastest and most reliable network for our customers, but we were first to 5G - a quantum leap in connectivity. Our connected solutions are making communities stronger and enabling energy efficiency. Here, you’ll have the ability to make an impact and create positive change. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, join our team of the best and brightest. We offer great pay, amazing benefits and opportunity to learn and grow in every role. Together we’ll go far.

Equal Employment Opportunity

We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.
