What you’ll be doing...

You will provide administrative support to senior leadership in the Corporate Marketing Organization. You will coordinate, assist with, and ensure office efficiency for a digital department through high level administrative support that often requires exercise of discretion, judgment and negotiation.

Manage and maintain a heavy executive calendar, scheduling meetings and appointments with internal senior leadership, and executive offices of our partners - at times through independent decision-making based on knowledge of standard operating procedures.
Arranging travel and hotel accommodations, as necessary.
Performing routine administrative functions such as responding to inquiries with standard letters, email, etc. and arranging meetings and conferences.
Organizing and coordinating office operations/organization; overseeing and managing the provisioning of supplies, equipment and services that enable the staff to perform their jobs efficiently and effectively.
Establishing and communicating procedures used in day-to-day operations and making revisions as appropriate. This includes processing departmental expenses and limited budget oversight.
Screening telephone calls and greeting visitors, ascertaining who can be redirected to managers or others. Bringing urgent issues for action to supervisor’s attention.
Developing processes for electronically maintaining departmental records and other important documents.
Safeguarding highly confidential information.
What we’re looking for...

You enjoy a fast-paced environment, anticipating the needs of those you support and ensuring they are prepared. You take the time to understand the business context of your work. You appreciate the diverse needs of those you support and can flex to meet their varying needs while maintaining important standards across the team. You aremotivated by being an integral part of the team, supporting the executives that help drive our business results in a way that allows them to be their best.

You’ll need to have:

A Bachelor’s degree or one or more years of work experience.
Experience supporting senior leaders.
Experience with Microsoft Office Suite.
Willingness to work a flexible schedule, including nights and weekends as necessary.
Willingness to travel.
Even better if you have:

Proven ability to work well independently in a dynamic environment.
Excellent communication skills and ability to focus on the details.
Experience preparing executive presentations, communications, and reports.
Experience managing multiple projects and priorities for yourself and others.
Experience with Google Suite.
Demonstrated ability to stay organized and meet deadlines.
When you join Verizon...

You’ll have the power to go beyond – doing the work that’s transforming how people, businesses and things connect with each other. Not only do we provide the fastest and most reliable network for our customers, but we were first to 5G - a quantum leap in connectivity. Our connected solutions are making communities stronger and enabling energy efficiency. Here, you’ll have the ability to make an impact and create positive change. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, join our team of the best and brightest. We offer great pay, amazing benefits and opportunity to learn and grow in every role. Together we’ll go far.

Equal Employment Opportunity

We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.
