What you’ll be doing...

You will be responsible for the timely and accurate processing of employee transactions and payments related to sickness, short term disability, workers' compensation absences, time reporting (including such items as overtime, differentials, on call pay), special pay, deductions, taxes and earnings. You will demonstrate your understanding of the payroll processing tools (ERP, HR and Payroll, and time reporting) and your ability to use these appropriately to perform tasks supporting the record keeping of New Hires, Terminations, Military Pay, Special Pay, Deductions, Tax, Garnishment, Time Reporting, Short Term Disability, and Banking transactions.

Input, initiate and update employee payroll transactions directly into payroll and time systems, meeting payroll schedule to ensure employees are paid on time.

Assist in gathering, deriving and processing inputs to the payroll and time system to support the gross to net calculation for exempt, non-exempt and union/associate employees.

Apply knowledge of local, state, federal and /or country tax requirements and wage and pay practices to ensure pay is accurate.

Produce accurate and effective information using simple queries and reporting tools (e.g., minimal table joins and conditional clauses needed).

Perform detailed verification, review and preparation of payroll updates as required from vendor interface files, self-service or manual updates.

Defined processing timeline schedules must be achieved to ensure the timely and accurate recording of all employee transactions.

Prepare and process payroll updates as required from time interface files (system feeders), daily change registers or manual updates.

Validate union pay and other various special pay processing.

Support internal and external audit compliance.

Seek out continuous process efficiencies or improvements.

Understand the end-to-end functional processes as well as how the functional processes integrate with the overall end-to-end payroll processes.

Work to support the team to improve the business through technology enhancements, standardization, and simplified processes.

Respond to employee inquiries within defined SLA’s submitted by the Customer Service Team.

Generally works under existing standards and procedures; requires minimal interpretation.

Exercise judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action; works on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situations requires a review of identifiable factors.

Create and update employee on-cycle pay lines, off-cycle and online check processes.

Interact with peers in various Global Payroll teams to ensure timely and accurate pay to employees.

Work within a shared services team supporting transactional volumes amongst peers.

Provide assistance in developing process documentation for payroll system transactions.

Identify and communicate process improvements as identified in the normal performance of daily functional activities.

What we’re looking for...

You'll need to have:

Bachelor’s degree or one or more years of work experience.

Experience with Microsoft Office, including Excel.

Even better if you have:

Master's degree.

Experience in HRMS/ Payroll Processing/ Timekeeping system applications.

Experience with PeopleSoft HRMS 9.1, Infor Time System and Payroll processing responsibilities and system applications.

Experience with end-to-end payroll processing.

Knowledge of the principles of entering, editing and maintaining payroll transactions within the HRMS/Payroll Processing system and time system to ensure all employees are paid both timely and accurately.

Fundamental knowledge of end-to-end payroll processes and operations.

Certified Payroll Professional certification.

Knowledge of Core HR and Payroll data elements.

Knowledge of local, state, federal and/ or country tax requirements and wage and pay practices.

Finance Operations experience (Payroll).

Strong customer service skills (both verbal and written).

Knowledge of required compliance with legal, regulatory, and financial requirements governing functional tasks and activities.

Strong organizational, time management and communication skills.

Ability to multi-task and support high volume day to day activities.

Knowledge of payroll practices, policies and procedures.

Ability to work in a shared service environment, balance work volume, and meet processing timelines.

Ability to be flexible with scheduling to meet processing demands.

Experience as a results oriented professional who has a strong sense of urgency and attention to detail, and is proactive.

Good quantitative, organizational and analytical skills.

Strong communication skills (both verbal and written).

Ability to communicate to leadership.

Ability to manage multiple functions simultaneously.

Team oriented mindset and experience interacting and supporting team members and team building.

Ability to manage large work volumes, show flexibility, and adapt easily to change.

When you join Verizon...

You’ll have the power to go beyond – doing the work that’s transforming how people, businesses and things connect with each other. Not only do we provide the fastest and most reliable network for our customers, but we were first to 5G - a quantum leap in connectivity. Our connected solutions are making communities stronger and enabling energy efficiency. Here, you’ll have the ability to make an impact and create positive change. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, join our team of the best and brightest. We offer great pay, amazing benefits and opportunity to learn and grow in every role. Together we’ll go far.

Equal Employment Opportunity

We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.
