Are you interested in working with teams who build cutting-edge cloud technology that enables organizations and their users to achieve more? Do you operate with a growth mindset and are you relentlessly customer-focused? 



The legal team that supports Experiences and Devices (E+D) in Microsoft’s Corporate, External, & Legal Affairs (CELA) group has an immediate opening for a dynamic, highly motivated and experienced attorney at our global headquarters in Redmond, Washington. You will be responsible for providing legal guidance, directly and in coordination with other attorneys and legal professionals, to senior executives and their teams on a range of legal, policy, business and strategic issues, supporting the E+D engineering teams. 



The CELA legal group works on complex business, legal, and regulatory issues around the world, playing a proactive role and apply creative legal strategies to advance business goals and benefit customers, industry partners, and the communities where we live and work. 

Responsibilities
Provide legal support for engineering groups that build and operate cloud software and services focused on the US public sector, including those used in connection with classified information
Responsible for advising clients on applicable legal and operational security requirements related to handling of classified information, export controls, and national security imperatives
Legal support for the operations team that responds to security incidents in government-focused cloud software and services
Legal support for engineering collaborations, proofs of concept, and other technical engagements with government agencies and contractors
Counsel and advise clients in the E+D engineering teams on a wide variety of complex product development, intellectual property and cloud-related legal, regulatory, and data protection issues in connection with the delivery of Microsoft software and cloud services to the government
Structure, draft and negotiate complex agreements regarding the delivery of engineering commitments that relate to government cloud services
Collaborate with legal department colleagues and business clients on multiple teams on the development and execution of product strategies, with a focus on our software and services
Collaborate with legal department colleagues and policy specialists on various legal and regulatory issues, with an emphasis on privacy, security, accessibility and regulatory compliance

Qualifications
JD or equivalent from an ABA accredited law school, excellent academic credentials, an active license to practice law in the United States, and ability to become licensed in the State of Washington
5-7 years of relevant experience in sophisticated legal environments, including solid experience counseling clients in software development, cloud services operations, or intellectual property transactions
Experience counseling and working with engineering or other technical clients on legal and operational matters in connection with the handling of classified information and national security imperatives
The successful candidate must be a U.S. Citizen
The successful candidate must have an active U.S. Government Top Secret/SCI Security Clearance
In-house experience at a defense contractor or US defense/intelligence agency is a plus
Experience working for a sophisticated technology company or supporting cloud services is a plus
Outstanding analytical and communication skills, and attention to detail
Keen business sense, with the ability to think strategically and find creative business-oriented solutions to legal issues, balancing legal risks against business interests in complex and ambiguous situations
Strong results orientation with a dedicated client focus and ability to establish a trusted advisor relationship with business clients
Demonstrated ability to work efficiently, meet demanding deadlines in a fast-paced environment, prioritize workflow with minimal supervision, and adjust to frequent workload fluctuations 
Ability to work independently while also being a strong collaborator
Desire and ability to work as part of a team and with diverse groups and cultures
Willingness to be available on-call outside of normal office hours to address urgent client matters
Strong results orientation, customer focus, and a passion for technology

The position is based in Redmond, Washington. Some travel (less than 25%) is required.



The above description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by an employee in this position. The actual duties, responsibilities, and qualifications may vary.


The successful candidate must have an active U.S. Government Top Secret/SCI Security Clearance. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. Failure to maintain or obtain the appropriate clearance and/or customer screening requirements may result in employment action up to and including termination.



Clearance Verification: This position requires successful verification of the stated security clearance to meet federal government customer requirements. You will be asked to provide clearance verification information prior to an offer of employment.



Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.  We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.



Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.


Benefits and Perks
Industry leading healthcareSavings and investmentsGiving programsEducational resourcesMaternity and paternity leaveOpportunities to network and connectDiscounts on products and servicesGenerous time away
