The Insights, Data Engineering and Analysts team (IDEAs) is looking for an experienced and motivated Executive Business Administrator to support a GM and team. This is a fast-paced team that has impact across E+D and all of Microsoft. A successful candidate will be well organized, detail-oriented, and a team player. Must be able to change directions quickly, multitask and manage time wisely.

Responsibilities
Managing the GM’s complex calendar with utmost attention to detail, timeliness and ensuring the schedule aligns with his priorities and commitments.
Planning and executing logistics for meetings such as: all-hands, offsites and morale events
Work closely with BPM lead on scheduling and agenda for team ROB
Managing all recruiting activity for the team including opening reqs, working with recruiter and hiring managers to fill positions, and keep detailed report shared with GM and Business Management team.
Providing group level support for team including: Manage space coordination, new employee setup, ordering equipment, office supplies, and reference materials. Completing facilities requests and other request as needed
Working closely with Business Manager and other operations staff with regards to headcount, budget, communications, meetings, etc.
Assisting with org-wide events run by the admin team
Planning and coordinating of domestic and international travel plans
Preparing and reconciling expense reports to ensure timely processing
Maintaining group aliases

Qualifications
Minimum of 5+ years in an administrative support role or equivalent
Proficiency with Microsoft products including Outlook, PowerPoint, Word, Excel, OneNote, Visio
Have a deep understanding of Microsoft policy
Proven track record of accountability, reliability, and confidentiality
A great attitude and positive approach to people and tasks
Excellent interpersonal, organizational, planning and time management skills. An ability to work independently, deal with ambiguity, and solve routine problems proactively and effectively.
Ability to make timely decisions, prioritize, and exercise sound judgment with appropriate urgency in situations that require a quick response
Self-starter with the ability to work independently and solve problems



Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.  We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.



Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.


Benefits and Perks
Industry leading healthcareSavings and investmentsGiving programsEducational resourcesMaternity and paternity leaveOpportunities to network and connectDiscounts on products and servicesGenerous time away
