POSITION SUMMARY



The Operations Accounting Supervisor will be responsible for supervising a staff of professional accountants and division order analysts to ensure transactions are recorded and analyzed in a timely and accurate manner and in accordance with company policies.  Responsible for the accounting functions within assigned area, including internal and external customer service, management reporting and all aspects of the monthly accounting close.  Duties include monthly invoicing of contractual and/or physical gas or oil that may be gathered or processed.



KEY RESPONSIBILITIES



Accountable for all aspects of the monthly accounting and closing cycle.
Provides extensive assistance and direction to staff members in carrying out their job responsibilities and group goals.
Ensures transactions are recorded, documented, reviewed and supported in accordance with company policies and SOX controls.
Review and approve monthly estimates, monthly purchase and sales transactions, monthly account reconciliations, journal entries, and monthly variance results.
Analyzes performance reports, margin account variance analyses, key operating statistics, price/volume variances and operating results on a monthly basis.
Answers and resolves internal and external customer inquiries, including audit inquiries from external auditors, Internal Auditing, government agencies, and producer auditors.
Provide expertise to others in the MPC community for the processes in your area of responsibility.
Ensures transactions associated with complex plant allocations and settlements, prior period adjustments, system balancing, inventories, imbalance activity, sales activity, purchase activity, and transportation are accurate and timely.
Understands the full range of the applicable operational accounting system (e.g. Quorum Suite and/or Right Angle) functionality, detailed understanding of the specific assets for which the supervisor is responsible and also has a substantial understanding of the midstream business.
Applies experience, knowledge, analytical skills, and leadership skills to solve issues, establish efficient accounting processes/procedures and controls, and work prioritization.
Works with other business unit accounting departments to ensure effective communication, consistency, and use of best practices.
Actively participates in the development and coaching of staff members to provide appropriate advancement opportunities.
Ensure adherence to applicable customer contract terms.


EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE



Bachelor’s degree or advanced degree in Accounting, Business or Finance.
5 - 8 years of Accounting experience with 1 - 2 years of supervisory experience preferred.
3 - 5 years of Oil and Gas industry experience preferred.
Technical knowledge of the Midstream Operations accounting area.
Quorum/TIPS and/or Right-Angle experience preferred.
Advanced understanding of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).


SKILLS



Ability to work in a challenging and fast-paced environment.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Sound decision making skills.
Effective interpersonal and leadership skills.
Proficient in use of Excel and Word
Aptitude to effectively learn company-specific accounting systems.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Flexible to work overtime during peak periods in order to meet monthly deadlines.



#LI-YM1


About Marathon Petroleum Corporation



Marathon Petroleum Corporation is a leading, integrated, downstream energy company headquartered in Findlay, Ohio. The company operates the nation’s largest refining system with more than 3 million barrels per day of crude oil capacity across 16 refineries. Marathon Petroleum's marketing system includes branded locations across the United States, including Marathon branded outlets. Speedway LLC, a Marathon Petroleum subsidiary, owns and operates retail convenience stores across the United States. MPC also owns the general partner and majority limited partner interest in MPLX LP, a midstream company which owns and operates gathering, processing, and fractionation assets, as well as crude oil and light product transportation and logistics infrastructure.


Travel Expected: Up to 10%



Marathon Petroleum Company LP is an Equal Opportunity Employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified applicants without discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, mental or physical disability, medical condition or AIDS/HIV status, ancestry, national origin, genetic information, military, veteran status, marital status, citizenship  or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws.  If you would like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant, click here.


If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process at Marathon Petroleum LP, please contact our Human Resources Department at talentacquisition@marathonpetroleum.com. Please specify the reasonable accommodation you are requesting, along with the job posting number in which you may be interested. A Human Resources representative will review your request and contact you to discuss a reasonable accommodation.


Equal Opportunity Employer: Veteran / Disability


Marathon Petroleum Company LP participates in the E-Verify program in some states in which it operates (including AL, AZ, GA, MS, NC, SC, TN, and UT). For more information before proceeding, please see details in English or Spanish. Right to Work Statement English or Spanish.
