Summary:

Marathon Petroleum Company LP has an opportunity for a Sr. Procurement/Contracts Representative position at its St. Paul Park Refinery in St. Paul Park, MN.  The Sr. Procurement/Contracts Representative is responsible for the procurement of goods and services in support of the overall needs and objectives of the business unit.



Responsibilities:

Works with the client business unit to assess all requirements and develop sourcing and contracting strategies for goods and services.
 Negotiates the acquisition of goods and services, which satisfy customer specifications, delivery requirements, and performance and reliability expectations while optimizing the cost of materials and services within the business unit.
Conducts bid processes, oversees the preparation of bid packages, prepares bid analysis and participates in final contract award decisions.
Prepares and coordinates the execution of contracts and other supply documents in a manner that ensures compliance with Supply Chain strategies and policy.
Negotiates contractor rates and related commercial documents.  Responsible for uploading rates into St. Paul Park Refinery’s time and attendance system (Track).
Maintains a record of contracts, supplier agreements and other documents related to the terms and conditions of commercial relationships, scope of materials and work, supplier/contractor performance measurements, and other records of supplier/contractor qualification and approval.
Analyzes the efficiencies, effectiveness, and performance of the business unit's goods and services requirements and develops meaningful performance metrics to facilitate bench marking and measurement of continuous improvement initiatives.
Maintains a working knowledge of legal requirements (i.e. Uniform Commercial Code – UCC), governmental rules and regulations related to contractual documents, performance of contract work, quality assurance requirements and business relationships.  Supports the law department in the examination and litigation of legal matters related to commercial transactions.
Reviews qualified vendors, contractors and develops preferred suppliers aligned with the strategic objectives of the client organization and Marathon.
Participates in the identification and evaluation of commercial and financial processes to assess their value and applicability within the client business unit.
Collaborates with the business unit in the development of credible business cases once viable alternative strategies are developed. Leads the process to implement new commercial strategies within the client business unit.
Manages individual local and regional key supplier relationships to optimize the exchange of value with those companies and maximize value of the relationship for all parties.  Works with and supports the Category Managers regarding key supplier initiatives.


Education and Experience:

Bachelor’s Degree in Supply Chain Management, Business or Engineering is required.
Working knowledge of SAP, ISNetworld, TRACK, and ARIBA are preferred.
Relocation considered
A minimum of five years relevant experience is required, ten years relevant experience is preferred.

#LI-AA1


About Marathon Petroleum Corporation



Marathon Petroleum Corporation is a leading, integrated, downstream energy company headquartered in Findlay, Ohio. The company operates the nation’s largest refining system with more than 3 million barrels per day of crude oil capacity across 16 refineries. Marathon Petroleum's marketing system includes branded locations across the United States, including Marathon branded outlets. Speedway LLC, a Marathon Petroleum subsidiary, owns and operates retail convenience stores across the United States. MPC also owns the general partner and majority limited partner interest in MPLX LP, a midstream company which owns and operates gathering, processing, and fractionation assets, as well as crude oil and light product transportation and logistics infrastructure.


Travel Expected: Up to 10%



Marathon Petroleum Company LP is an Equal Opportunity Employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified applicants without discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, mental or physical disability, medical condition or AIDS/HIV status, ancestry, national origin, genetic information, military, veteran status, marital status, citizenship  or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws.  If you would like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant, click here.


If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process at Marathon Petroleum LP, please contact our Human Resources Department at talentacquisition@marathonpetroleum.com. Please specify the reasonable accommodation you are requesting, along with the job posting number in which you may be interested. A Human Resources representative will review your request and contact you to discuss a reasonable accommodation.


Equal Opportunity Employer: Veteran / Disability


Marathon Petroleum Company LP participates in the E-Verify program in some states in which it operates (including AL, AZ, GA, MS, NC, SC, TN, and UT). For more information before proceeding, please see details in English or Spanish. Right to Work Statement English or Spanish.
