Overview:

Marathon Petroleum Company LP has positions available for  professional Petroleum Transport Drivers in Dayton, OH.  NO phone calls, agencies, faxed or mailed resumes will be accepted. All applications must be submitted on-line.



For a complete list of benefits that we have to offer, please visit www.mympcbenefits.com.



Responsibilities:

Drivers will be required to load petroleum products into the transport by inspecting the transport for compliance with safety regulations, confirm the products to be delivered with dispatch and load the products safely. Drivers are responsible for sampling/testing to ensure product quality. Drivers must transport the product from the distribution facility safely. This entails conducting pre-trip and post-trip inspections, adjusting driving habits to road conditions and being able to position the transport at both load and unload sites. Upon arriving at the unloading site, drivers must inspect the transport and the surrounding areas, ensure that the tank at the site will be able to hold the product and ensure quality control. Drivers must meet all regulatory requirements with all training modules and completion of all paperwork (DOT, Marathon Petroleum, etc), and by complying with Marathon’s safety rules and guidelines. Drivers must coordinate with the transport scheduling analysts to ensure that the correct products are being sent to the correct sites at the correct time. Drivers will be required to troubleshoot issues and make minor repairs on the truck as necessary. Drivers are responsible for any relevant work as assigned by the Regional Transport Manager as necessary to support Terminal and Fleet Operations.


Qualifications:

High school diploma or GED is desired. Candidates must have an excellent driving record, be at least 21 years of age, hold a valid Class A CDL with Hazardous and Tanker Endorsements and be able to pass a required DOT physical, drug test and background check. Applicants must be willing to work 12 hours shifts which could include nights, weekends and holidays. Applicants must be professional, have a positive attitude, and be a team player.





About Marathon Petroleum Corporation



Marathon Petroleum Corporation is a leading, integrated, downstream energy company headquartered in Findlay, Ohio. The company operates the nation’s largest refining system with more than 3 million barrels per day of crude oil capacity across 16 refineries. Marathon Petroleum's marketing system includes branded locations across the United States, including Marathon branded outlets. Speedway LLC, a Marathon Petroleum subsidiary, owns and operates retail convenience stores across the United States. MPC also owns the general partner and majority limited partner interest in MPLX LP, a midstream company which owns and operates gathering, processing, and fractionation assets, as well as crude oil and light product transportation and logistics infrastructure.




Travel Expected: Up to 10%





Marathon Petroleum Company LP is an Equal Opportunity Employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified applicants without discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, mental or physical disability, medical condition or AIDS/HIV status, ancestry, national origin, genetic information, military, veteran status, marital status, citizenship  or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws.  If you would like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant, click here.


If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process at Marathon Petroleum LP, please contact our Human Resources Department at talentacquisition@marathonpetroleum.com. Please specify the reasonable accommodation you are requesting, along with the job posting number in which you may be interested. A Human Resources representative will review your request and contact you to discuss a reasonable accommodation.


Equal Opportunity Employer: Veteran / Disability


Marathon Petroleum Company LP participates in the E-Verify program in some states in which it operates (including AL, AZ, GA, MS, NC, SC, TN, and UT). For more information before proceeding, please see details in English or Spanish. Right to Work Statement English or Spanish.
