Overview:

Marathon Petroleum Corp. (MPC) offers internship and co-op opportunities to high-performing college students who want meaningful hands-on experiences in their fields of study. The following core values guide MPC’s approach to doing business: health and safety; environmental stewardship; integrity; corporate citizenship; and diversity and inclusion. Interns and co-ops work side by side with experienced professionals as contributing members of diverse work teams who create value for the company’s shareholders. MPC believes that how we conduct our business is just as important as the bottom line.



Responsibilities:

As an MPC Marketing intern, you could be placed within one of the departments as described below.



Light Products Marketing



Brand Interns will have the opportunity for exposure to different Light Product Marketing components such as Payment Products, Advertising, Business Development, and Operations located in Findlay, Ohio. In addition, experience will be gained from exposure to other areas of the company which provide services to Brand Marketing and impact the responsibilities of a marketing representative such as: Product Quality, Governmental Affairs, Supply, Distribution & Planning, Marketing & Transportation Engineering, Terminal & Transportation, etc.



The Wholesale Intern will be responsible for providing support for various initiatives impacting the Regional components of the organization. In addition, the Wholesale Intern will gain exposure to other areas of the company which provide services to Wholesale Marketing which impact the responsibilities of a Territory Manager such as: Brand, Pricing, Information Technology Services, Supply Distribution & Planning, Governmental Affairs, Terminal Transport & Rail, etc.



District interns will spend the majority of their time in the field learning the job responsibilities of a marketing representative. The intern may travel to various dealer gasoline stations with the marketing representative, assist in prospecting for new customers, and assume responsibility for projects/studies relating to station financials and operation. Findlay-based interns will spend the majority of their time in corporate support services learning the job responsibilities of marketing employees in various components. Some travel to various regional meetings may be required depending on the time of year of the internship opportunity or as business project needs dictate.



The student will be assigned to one of the Regional Offices, and the majority of their time will be spent supporting and learning the job responsibilities of a Territory Manager. The intern may travel to various customers with the Territory Manager and assume responsibility for sales analysis/projects/studies relating to the Region. The intern will also learn consultative selling and territory management skills. As an intern, you would work closely with the Region Coordinator and Region Manager to support region initiatives.



Several students will be assigned to the corporate office in Findlay, Ohio. One student is generally assigned to one of our regional offices.



Findlay, OH, San Antonio, TX, Raleigh, NC, Cincinnati, OH, Woodbury, MN, and Duluth (Atlanta), GA
Potential Locations: Salt Lake City, UT, Long Beach, CA




Payment Products & Technology

The Payment, Products & Technology Intern will be responsible for working with financial analysts and accountants on daily and monthly credit card sales statistics and financial reporting, research of reconcilement issues, and special projects. The intern may also be involved in special projects such as working with fraud analysts on investigations or with IT Point-of-Sale integrators on software development rollouts and issues.



In addition to Payment, Products & Technology duties, the intern will have opportunities to visit and work with Brand Marketing District personnel. Job shadowing and volunteer opportunities are available during the internship.



Findlay, Ohio








Heavy Products and Petrochemicals

The Heavy Products and Petrochemicals Intern will be responsible for providing support for various initiatives impacting the Supply & Logistics, Technology, Administrative and Regional components of the organization. In addition, experience will be gained from exposure to other areas of the company which provide services to HP&P Marketing and which impact the responsibilities of a territory manager or supply representative such as: Information Technology Services, Accounting, Terminal Transport & Rail, Marine, etc.



The student will spend the majority of their time working with the HP&P department staff based in the Findlay, Ohio office. Occasionally, the intern may have the opportunity to travel to one of the region offices to work with field personnel on select projects.



Findlay, Ohio




Real Estate

The Real Estate intern may be assigned to conduct property and market surveys as well as assist and support staff on Real Estate administrative projects. The intern will have the opportunity to shadow a Real Estate Representative observing and experiencing his/her job responsibilities such as conducting fair market assessments of surplus properties, assist in the planning and negotiations to purchase, dispose, or lease properties and facilities.



Findlay, Ohio




Pricing and Allocation

The Pricing and Allocation Intern will assist in gathering and charting MPC gasoline and distillate sales volumes. The sales data will be analyzed by class of trade, terminal location, and sales regions. In addition, the intern will gather competitor daily price data and assist in developing related analytical tools. The intern will become familiar with the products and the competitive landscapes of each market to help in developing strategies for determining optimal product prices.



Findlay, Ohio
San Antonio, TX


Qualifications:

Desired major and or minor - Marketing, Finance, or other business majors
Minimum 3.0 cumulative GPA required
Candidates must be authorized to work in the US on a full-time indefinite basis without the need for employment visa sponsorship now or in the future.
Positions are available spring, summer, and fall semesters
A valid driver's license is required (travel is a part of these positions)
Concurrent enrollment in a degree seeking program
Military experience a plus


Competencies:

Candidates should exhibit the following attributes; maturity, leadership abilities, outgoing personality, inquisitive, excellent communication skills, confidence, drive, vision, and strong analytical skills. The position requires proficiency in Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Word.








About Marathon Petroleum Corporation



Marathon Petroleum Corporation is a leading, integrated, downstream energy company headquartered in Findlay, Ohio. The company operates the nation’s largest refining system with more than 3 million barrels per day of crude oil capacity across 16 refineries. Marathon Petroleum's marketing system includes branded locations across the United States, including Marathon branded outlets. Speedway LLC, a Marathon Petroleum subsidiary, owns and operates retail convenience stores across the United States. MPC also owns the general partner and majority limited partner interest in MPLX LP, a midstream company which owns and operates gathering, processing, and fractionation assets, as well as crude oil and light product transportation and logistics infrastructure.




Travel Expected: Up to 25%





Marathon Petroleum Company LP is an Equal Opportunity Employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified applicants without discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, mental or physical disability, medical condition or AIDS/HIV status, ancestry, national origin, genetic information, military, veteran status, marital status, citizenship  or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws.  If you would like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant, click here.


If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process at Marathon Petroleum LP, please contact our Human Resources Department at talentacquisition@marathonpetroleum.com. Please specify the reasonable accommodation you are requesting, along with the job posting number in which you may be interested. A Human Resources representative will review your request and contact you to discuss a reasonable accommodation.


Equal Opportunity Employer: Veteran / Disability


Marathon Petroleum Company LP participates in the E-Verify program in some states in which it operates (including AL, AZ, GA, MS, NC, SC, TN, and UT). For more information before proceeding, please see details in English or Spanish. Right to Work Statement English or Spanish.
