Additional Technology Information:


The Developer is also responsible for leading the design, development, testing, debugging, maintaining and documenting software components in accordance toSoftware Development Life Cycle (SDLC) best practices. The Developer has overall responsibility in the technical design process. Leads and participates inthe application technical design process and completes estimates and work plans for design, development, implementation, and rollout tasks. The Developeralso communicates with the appropriate teams to ensure that assignments are delivered with the highest of quality and in accordance to standards. TheDeveloper strives to continuously improve the software delivery processes and practices. Role model and demonstrate the company's core values of respect,honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion and safety of others.

Essential Job Functions:

Lead and participate in the design and implementation of large and/or architecturally significant applications.
Champion company standards and best practices. Work to continuously improve software delivery processes and practices.
Build partnerships across the application, business and infrastructure teams.
Develop programming specifications. Design, code and unit test application code using Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) best practices.
Complete estimates and work plans independently as appropriate for design, development, implementation and rollout tasks.
Create technical system documentation and ensure that this documentation remains current throughout all phases of the SDLC.
Communicate with the appropriate teams to ensure that assignments are managed appropriately and that completed assignments are of the highest quality.
Support and maintain applications utilizing required tools and technologies. Provide support for applications, including involvement with the SupportCenter, NOC, Infrastructure teams, and vendors as appropriate. Provide off-hours support (24 x 7) as required.
Assist other personnel on assignments including mentoring or providing on-the-job training to more junior associates. Mentor team members in softwaredevelopment principles, patterns, processes and practices.
Direct the day-to-day work activities of other team members.
Must be able to perform the essential functions of this position with or without reasonable accommodation.
Minimum Position Qualifications:

10 or more years experience in systems analysis, design or programming and the associated development methodologies.
Extensive experience with Project planning.
Proven communication and presentation skills to effectively communicate information to customers and to all levels within the organization.
Ability to interact well in a team environment.
Extensive experience with technical task estimation.
Desired Previous Job Experience
Bachelor's degree in IS or related equivalent work experience in an Information Systems position.
7 - 10 or more years experience in systems analysis, design or programming and the associated development methodologies with large size or highlycomplex projects.
Prior experience with project planning with large size or highly complex projects; or projects where technical standards need to be established
Education Level: None
Required Certifications/Licenses: None
Position Type: Full-Time
Shift(s): [[mfield4]]




Jobs at Kroger: At Kroger, we hire people who have a passion for helping others and who want to build a relationship with our Customers. No matter what stage of your career, you can build your future at Kroger. We look for people who want more, aspire to be more and work hard to achieve their goals. Our focus on keeping the Customer first is what makes us successful. As the largest traditional grocery chain in the U.S. and one of the world's largest retailers, we employee nearly half a million Associates across 35 states. We offer many opportunities not only in our stores, but in Manufacturing, Logistics, Marketing, Finance, Human Resources, and many other fields.



Company Overview: Kroger Family of Companies employs nearly half a million associates who serve over 11 million customers daily through a seamless shopping experience under a variety of banner names.  At The Kroger Co., we are Fresh for Everyone™ and dedicated to our Purpose: To Feed the Human Spirit®.  We are committed to creating #ZeroHungerZeroWaste communities by 2025.  Careers with The Kroger Co. and our family of companies offer competitive wages, flexible schedules, benefits and room for advancement.
