Position Summary:

Responsible for paying invoices for goods purchased by the Manufacturing plants. Research invoices and resolve any problems found. Provide customer service to customers. Role model and demonstrate the company's core values of respect, honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion and safety of others.

Essential Job Functions:

Ÿ Research and process paper and Electronic Data Interchange invoices daily

Ÿ Research and resolve invoice discrepancies daily.

Ÿ Work with manufacturing plants/vendors as needed

Ÿ Resolve unit of measure issues and be proactive in resolving future issues

Ÿ Balance ledger accounts with minimal supervision.

Ÿ Manage mail, telephone calls and e-mail in a timely manner, including shared mailbox correspondence.

Ÿ Meet deadlines for processing invoices

Ÿ Promote teamwork and be willing to help out others in the department as needed.

Ÿ Must be able to perform the essential functions of this position with or without reasonable accommodations

Minimum Position/Education Qualifications:

Accounting skills and account balancing experience.
Working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite.
Effective verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to clearly express thoughts to others and exchange information.
Ability to learn to use manufacturing systems and become proficient
Efficient in day-to-day accounting procedures and transactions.
Detail oriented and accurate on a consistent basis.
Organized and able to prioritize in order to meet deadlines.
Excellent problem solving skills and ability to manage multiple tasks
Demonstrate sound business judgment and the ability to work successfully with all levels of associates, backgrounds, and perspectives.
Ability to work effectively and cooperatively with others; establishing and maintaining good working relationships.
Actively identify new areas for learning; regularly create and take advantage of learning opportunities; using newly gained knowledge and skills on the job and learning through their application.
Manage one's time and resources to ensure that work is completed efficiently.
Ability to maintain stable performance under pressure or opposition (such as time pressure or job ambiguity); handling stress in a manner that is acceptable to others and to the organization.
Proven ability to work in a fast-paced, high change environment.
Proven ability to maintain confidentiality of files, conversations and documents.
Desired Previous Job Experience:

Accounting and/ or ledger balancing experience preferred


Education Level: None
Required Travel: None
Required Certifications/Licenses: None
Position Type: Full-Time
Regions: South




Jobs at Kroger Regional Accounting Center (RASC) - Located in Nashville, Tennessee, RASC was formed to provide accounting support to the Kroger family of stores.  Our mission is to provide accurate, timely and efficient accounting services to each Division that we serve.  We offer competitive wages and benefits as well as career advancement opportunities nationwide.  If you are an Accounting professional with a passion for people and a passion for results, please apply online today.



Company Overview: Kroger Family of Companies employs nearly half a million associates who serve over 11 million customers daily through a seamless shopping experience under a variety of banner names.  At The Kroger Co., we are Fresh for Everyone™ and dedicated to our Purpose: To Feed the Human Spirit®.  We are committed to creating #ZeroHungerZeroWaste communities by 2025.  Careers with The Kroger Co. and our family of companies offer competitive wages, flexible schedules, benefits and room for advancement.

 
