Position Summary
Responsible for working with divisions to ensure proper completion HIPAA breach worksheets. Assist with proper completion of HIPAA record requests and other HIPAA compliance activities. Demonstrate the companys core values of respect, honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion and safety.

Essential Job Functions

Complete responses to HIPAA record requests in an accurate, efficient and timely fashion
Analyze facts from HIPAA breach worksheet to determine if a HIPAA breach has occurred
Draft HIPAA breach letters in a timely fashion to patients whose protected health information has been breached
Complete HIPAA breach worksheets with the assistance from divisions
Update and maintain databases/spreadsheets
Assist with responses to disclosures, complaints and subpoenas
Provide administrative support, decision-making and problem-solving assistance toward the total fulfillment of department goals
Minimum Position Qualifications

High School Diploma or GED
Proficient in Microsoft Office
Ability to write routine reports/correspondence
Ability to prioritize/multi-task while providing accurate/on-time results
Exceptional customer service skills
Excellent administrative, communication, and organizational skill with high attention to detail
Ability to achieve and sustain positive working relationships
Desired Previous Experience/Education

Any experience supporting several managers
Any pharmacy technician or other healthcare experience


Education Level: High School Diploma/ GED Required
Required Travel: None
Required Certifications/Licenses: None
Position Type: Full-Time
 Regions: Any




Jobs at Kroger: At Kroger, we hire people who have a passion for helping others and who want to build a relationship with our Customers. No matter what stage of your career, you can build your future at Kroger. We look for people who want more, aspire to be more and work hard to achieve their goals. Our focus on keeping the Customer first is what makes us successful. As the largest traditional grocery chain in the U.S. and one of the world's largest retailers, we employee more nearly half a million Associates across 35 states. We offer many opportunities not only in our stores, but in Manufacturing, Logistics, Marketing, Finance, Human Resources, and many other fields.



Company Overview: Kroger Family of Companies employs nearly half a million associates who serve over 11 million customers daily through a seamless shopping experience under a variety of banner names.  At The Kroger Co., we are Fresh for Everyone™ and dedicated to our Purpose: To Feed the Human Spirit®.  We are committed to creating #ZeroHungerZeroWaste communities by 2025.  Careers with The Kroger Co. and our family of companies offer competitive wages, flexible schedules, benefits and room for advancement.

 Posting Notes:  OH || Cincinnati || 555 Race St || 45202 || Kroger General Office || None || Health & Wellness || Employee || Non-Exempt || Full-Time || None 
