Position Summary:
Create an outstanding customer experience through exceptional service. Establish and maintain a safe and clean environment that encourages our customers to return. Assist the department manager in reaching sales and profit goals established for the department, and monitor all established quality assurance standards. Embrace the Customer 1st strategy and encourage associates to deliver excellent customer service. Role model and demonstrate the company's core values of respect, honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion and safety of others.

Essential Job Functions:
· Promote trust and respect among associates.

Create an environment that enables customers to feel welcome, important and appreciated by answering questions regarding products sold within thedepartment and throughout the store.
Gain and maintain knowledge of pharmaceutical products and be able to competently discuss these products with customers and prescribers.
Provide drug counseling to customers.
Assist with over the counter medications recommendations.
Be able to accurately input patient and prescription information into the pharmacy computer system.
Dispense the correct medication.
Contact prescribers' offices for authorization.
Bag filled prescriptions and deliver to customer accurately.
Process third party insurance information for customers.
Contact insurance companies on the behalf of the customers, if necessary
Facilitate charge purchases for customers.
Accept and interpret oral and written prescriptions accurately for fill/refill.
Clean the department.
Provide immunizations under the supervision of the pharmacist
Compare and check incoming orders.
Stock incoming orders properly.
Return unused medication stock bottles to stock.
Notify management of customer or employee accidents.
Notify pharmacist on duty if they are made aware of a prescription incident.
Report all safety risk, or issues, and illegal activity, including: robbery, theft or fraud.
Must be able to perform the essential functions of this position with or without reasonable accommodation
Minimum Position Qualifications:
Be actively enrolled in a US school of pharmacy
Hold a current state issued Pharmacy Intern license
Potential Career Path from this position:
Graduate Intern
Staff Pharmacist
Pharmacy Manager


Leadership Behaviors: Achieves Results through Teamwork, Coaches and Develops Others, Communicates Effectively and Candidly, Executes with Excellence, Leads Change and Innovation, Leads through Positive Influence, Provides Clear and Strategic Direction, Puts the Customer First. For more information on the Kroger Leadership Behavior model, click here.


Education Level: High School Diploma/ GED Required
Required Certifications/Licenses: Pharmacy Board License
Shift(s): [[mfield4]]
Regions: Mountain
