At Fannie Mae, futures are made. The inspiring work we do makes an affordable home a reality and a difference in the lives of Americans. Every day offers compelling opportunities to impact the future of the housing industry while being part of an inclusive team thriving in an energizing, flexible environment. Here, you will help lead our industry forward and make your career.

As a Financial Accountant within the Controller’s organization, you will operate as a senior associate with considerable latitude in performing highly complex duties related to preparing and analyzing financial information to record transactions, prepare financial reports, and review and verify accuracy. Provide value-added expertise to consultants, auditors, and others in development of new concepts, techniques, and standards. Utilize wide-ranging experience to conduct research and problem-solving. May operate in a lead role within the team.



THE IMPACT YOU WILL MAKE


In this role you will have the flexibility to make each day your own, while working alongside people who care so that you can deliver on the following responsibilities:



Compile, review, analyze, and record financial information to the general ledger. Complete monthly closings.
Prepare balance sheet and profit and loss statements, consolidated financial statements, and other accounting schedules and reports.
Prepare daily, weekly, and monthly reconciliations to ensure general ledger account information is accurate, consistent, traceable, and auditable.
Execute and manage timely and accurate transactions.
Identify control weaknesses, communicate to management, and operate in a lead capacity in making remedial changes to tighten and enhance controls and mitigate risk.
Design and produce reports.
Conduct research and analyses on highly complex issues. Devise creative and effective solutions.
Provide requested information to auditors, consultants, and others on highly significant matters requiring coordination.
Design, modify, install, and/or maintain accounting systems to ensure adequate recognition of financial transactions.
May perform highly complex projects or participate as a team member on projects at the highest level of complexity.
THE EXPERIENCE YOU BRING TO THE TEAM

Basic Qualifications



Bachelors degree or equivalent
Area of study in Accounting, Business, Finance or Economics
6-8 years of related experience
Advanced proficiency in Excel required
Preferred Qualifications



Certified Public Accountant (CPA) certification or CPA in progress
Public accounting, consulting and/or financial services experience
Strong understanding of the monthly close process; previous operational accounting experience in a large company setting
Ability to understand scenarios and requirements within business processes for building accounting analytics and visualization
Demonstrated ability to profile data and provide insight into trends, anomalies, benchmarking and/or process improvement opportunities
Experience analyzing transactional data
Ability to resolve issues and exceptions in a timely and professional manner
Ability to identify opportunities to streamline and automate
Strong analytical and communication skills
Experience with Tableau or Business Objects
Ability to collaborate across teams and at different levels within the organization
The future is what you make it to be. Discover compelling opportunities at careers.fanniemae.com.

Fannie Mae is an Equal Opportunity Employer, which means we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, personal appearance, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation in the application process, email us at careers_mailbox@fanniemae.com.

Successful job applicants will be required to successfully complete a background investigation.
