THE COMPANY

Fannie Mae provides reliable, large-scale access to affordable mortgage credit in communities across our nation. We are the leading source of funding for housing in America, which means more people can buy or rent a home. We are focused on sustaining the housing recovery, improving our company, and leading change to make housing better.

Join our diverse, high-performing team and make a difference as we work together to enable access to a good home.

JOB INFORMATION

Operate with considerable latitude in consulting, advising, and representing the company on a variety of highly complex legal matters and projects related to corporate or mortgage finance law. Provide legal counsel to management on broad issues affecting the company. Ensure that legal documents, such as those related to the mortgage business, contracts, or other corporate actions are prepared properly. Confer with management on corporate initiatives, product development, credit risk policies or regulatory concerns to assess legal risks to the company and plan actions to control or minimize those risks. May act as a subject area/technical expert, or key advisor on significant business or product decisions. May manage a specific unit or specialist function, which may include in-house counsel, paralegals and legal support staff.



KEY JOB FUNCTIONS

Provide legal advice and service by combining skill and knowledge in mortgage finance, real estate law and corporate law with sound business acumen and judgement of business goals and objectives of the company or assigned business units.
Engage with assigned business units to meet goals. Pursue details and achieve closure on various matters. Provide excellent client service.
Use business and legal judgment to balance an appropriate level of risk against the business needs in a particular situation. Operate within the framework of allowable corporate behavior and governance, and legal and regulatory compliance.
Supervise and actively direct outside counsel.
Work closely with business clients and outside counsel to ensure adherence to important corporate and regulatory policies.
May plan, guide, and/or oversee the performance of in-house counsel, team members, and/or legal support staff.
Draft templates and write, review or revise financing documents. May draft comment letters. May analyze legislation that impacts the company and assist the company in responding to inquiries from Congress and government agencies.
Prepare and manage a due diligence budget. Coordinate with internal departments to ensure proper tracking and accounting of legal due diligence expenses.
EDUCATION
Juris Doctorate Degree (required)
MINIMUM EXPERIENCE
8+ years of related experience
SPECIALIZED KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS
Multifamily and affordable housing experience is highly desirable.
Experience negotiating and closing complex commercial real estate finance transactions required. Other commercial, leasing, finance, asset management or loss mitigation/workout experience desirable.
Experience providing coordination and oversight of outside counsel.
Experience working independently in fast-paced environment.
Experience communicating with clients and building trusted advisor relationships.
Experience working in a collaborative legal or business environment.
EMPLOYMENT
As a condition of employment with Fannie Mae, any successful job applicant will be required to successfully complete a background investigation.

Fannie Mae is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
