At Fannie Mae, futures are made. The inspiring work we do makes an affordable home a reality and a difference in the lives of Americans. Every day offers compelling opportunities to impact the future of the housing industry while being part of an inclusive team thriving in an energizing environment. Here, you will help lead our industry forward and make your career.

As a Administrative Support III, you will operate under limited supervision, provide administrative, recordkeeping, budget, and/or logistical support to a manager of multiple staff in a business unit or corporate office. Maintain schedules, track and document unit activity, and provide for meetings and meeting materials. Assist in creating administrative practices for use by the office. May provide guidance to department administrative employees.

THE IMPACT YOU WILL MAKE
In this role you will have the flexibility to make each day your own, while working alongside people who care so that you can deliver on the following responsibilities:
Perform complex administrative functions to support the work of one or more managers or an office. Schedule meetings, appointments, and/or travel.
Prepare documents and presentations. Maintain records. Respond to client queries.
Assist in maintaining a budget or providing similar administrative support.
Input or maintain data. Prepare or assist in preparing analyses and reports.
Support use of technology by the unit or office and interact with technical support, logistics, and purchasing functions within the company.
Assist in creating administrative practices to ensure efficiency and consistency.
May perform in a lead capacity in coordinating work among multiple managers or offices.
May provide guidance and support to less experienced administrative employees.
THE EXPERIENCE YOU BRING TO THE TEAM

Education Level (Required)
High School

Experience (Primary)
4-6 years of related experience
Highly organized and detailed oriented
Accustomed to working in fast pace, dynamic environment
Strong skills in creating standard work and streamlining processes
Technologically savvy and open to learning new tools and skills



The future is what you make it to be. Discover compelling opportunities at careers.fanniemae.com.

Fannie Mae is an Equal Opportunity Employer, which means we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, personal appearance, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation in the application process, email us at careers_mailbox@fanniemae.com.

Successful job applicants will be required to successfully complete a background investigation.
