Job Description:

Provide legal support for card payment products including the Bank’s  global commercial card, prepaid card and local issuing bank programs, as well as for other payment and cash management products such as virtual payables and mobile wallets, both in the US and globally.  Work with regional GTS counsel supporting products and initiatives in their respective regions on global card matters, including coordinating with outside counsel to conduct global due diligence projects.  Provide legal support in connection with treasury credit agreements including loan agreements, security agreements and guarantees.
Provide thorough, accurate, timely and practical legal advice with an appropriate risk/reward balance on all applicable issues, including with respect to new product development, product support, operational matters, customer complaints, and marketing communications.  Provide legal support with respect to legal and regulatory issues and developments.
Draft and negotiate contracts, particularly with respect to new products and customized agreements, and engage and manage outside counsel, as needed, to assist. Work closely with Contract Management on RFP and contract issues relating to card products.
Partner with others in Legal, Risk and Compliance in order to ensure that issues are appropriately vetted, addressed and escalated.

Requirements:

12-15  years of law firm and/or internal counsel experience in the financial services industry, including at least 7 years in the credit card business generally and commercial prepaid business and a solid understanding of banking laws, regulations and rules impacting these products.
Strong negotiation and organizational skills.
The ability to communicate clearly, both verbally and in writing, at all levels within the organization, including being able to make and communicate difficult decisions to appropriate persons in the organization.
Strong work ethic and self-initiative, with the ability to manage a high volume of work in a fast-paced and changing environment.
The ability to effectively balance risk and reward and to be a strategic partner with clients to help them achieve their business objectives with an appropriate risk/reward balance.
Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to work well as part of a team with other lawyers, clients, Risk, Compliance, Contract Management and other partners.
Active bar membership in good standing.
Shift:

1st shift (United States of America)
Hours Per Week:

40
