At Bank of America, we have one of the largest corporate client footprints in the U.S., and we are leaders in structuring interest rate and foreign exchange risk management solutions for these clients. Our Global Rates and Currencies team focuses on providing advisory and execution in the interest rate and foreign exchange markets, working closely with our product partners in Trading as well as our client coverage partners in Banking.

Our Summer Analysts gain exposure to a wide spectrum of clients as well as a variety of products such as FX spot and forwards, FX/interest rate swaps and options. The wide range of client profiles and market/product knowledge obtained through our program provide our Summer Analysts flexibility to explore the best fit for their skills and goals.

Analysts are active deal team members responsible for working closely with the senior marketers to source, pitch and execute various risk management transactions. Specific responsibilities include:

Coordinating with our partners in Banking and Markets to source new trades and opportunities
Communicating daily with Trading teams to price and structure various hedging strategies
Preparing client pitch materials
Preparing recommendations on timing, size and structure of transactions and managing derivative deal pipeline
Analyzing risk in the context of cross-border M&A and other event-driven strategic transactions
Performing comprehensive, in-depth research on FX and Rates markets, companies and market conditions
Reading company financial statements to develop risk management solutions


Summer Projects

A major component and focus of the summer internship revolves projects that each intern presents to senior and junior members of the GRC team. Projects may include analysis of markets with a macro focus and company-specific case studies. Each intern has flexibility to add her/his own creative approach to provide an appropriate risk management solution for the client. These summer projects provide a framework that is conducive for our Summer Analysts to reach out and meet as many members of our teams as possible, working with associates from FX Sales, Rates Sales, Strategic FX and Strategic Risk Management Solutions.

.



Qualifications

Candidates are required to be pursuing a BA/BS degree from an accredited college or university with a graduation time frame between December 2021 and June 2022

Must demonstrate a track record of superior performance in extracurricular and professional activities
Must have a combination of strong quantitative/analytical skills and attention to detail
Strategic and creative thinking; distinguished written and oral communications skills
Assertiveness, initiative, leadership, strong work ethic, team focus
Ability to learn quickly and take on new responsibilities
Dedication to building a career in the finance industry
Excel and PowerPoint skills strongly recommended
Bank of America does not complete third party forms from colleges, universities, or other parties.
