Position Purpose:
Responsible for monitoring assigned portfolio of customer accounts to minimize risk and maximize responsibility for account collection by performing account analysis, notifying customers of delinquent accounts to solicit payment, and ensuring alignment of collection and credit application processes.

Major Tasks, Responsibilities & Key Accountabilities:
25%- Provides analysis and reporting in support of Accounts Receivable.

20%- Conducts regularly scheduled and periodic receivables analyses. Analyzes productivity metrics, providing support in periodic process improvement/redesign reviews.

10%- Conducts periodic departmental quality audits and improves departmental efficiency through workflow process analysis, process documentation and policy update recommendations.

20%- Generates weekly AR reports and maintains ownership of weekly AP review processes. Develops and
implements methods to improve measuring and tracking AR efficiently.

20%- Records info on financial status of customer and status of collection efforts. May serve as first point of contact for submission of new contracts for legal and business review. Acts as a liaison to resolve issues related to submitted contracts.

5%- May manage electronic filing system of fully executed contracts and insurance certificates.

Preferred Qualifications:
– BS/BA
– Accounts receivable and analysis experience.
– Related business experience including general knowledge regarding common credit/collection policies and procedures.
– Experience with basic accounting principles and the practical application of these principles within the collection environment.

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies:
– Generally 2-5 years experience in related field. Certification is required in some areas OR MS/MA and generally 2-4 years of experience in related field.
– Skill in data analysis techniques by resolving missing/incomplete information, inconsistencies/anomalies in more complex research/data.
– Nature of work requires i ncreasing independence; receives guidance only on unusual complex problems or issues.
– May provide general guidance/direction to or train junior level support personnel or professional personnel.

Environmental Job Requirements:
Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable. Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.

Travel: Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time.

Standard Minimum Qualifications:
Must be eighteen years of age or older.
Must pass the Drug Test.
Must pass Background C heck.
Must pass pre-employment test if applicable.
