POSITION PURPOSE

This position provides primary transactional legal support to the Company’s Real Estate, Construction, Property Management, Building Services, Corporate Facilities, Energy, and Store Operations teams, and supports regulatory issues related thereto. The successful candidate must have the ability to identify and analyze complex legal issues, draft and negotiate a variety of agreements including, without limitation, supplier buying agreements, strategic partnership agreements, license agreements, service agreements, and real estate transaction agreements. The successful candidate must also have the ability to present appropriate recommendations to minimize the legal exposure of the Company in transactions and operations.

MAJOR TASKS, RESPONSIBILITES AND KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES

Manages the legal affairs of the Company’s Real Estate, Construction, Property Management, Building Services, Corporate Facilities, Energy, and Store Operations teams.
Handles transactions and regulatory issues.
Accurately identifies and assesses risks and determines and effectuates appropriate course for specific business areas and others with department-wide consequences. Identifies, assesses, approves, and recommends changes to business partners
Handles complex legal matters within area of responsibility. Retains, monitors, and evaluates the performance of Outside Counsel relationships and budgeting within area.
Independently conducts and directs complex negotiations for a broad spectrum of matters for specific business areas with general supervisory review. Supervises and conducts appropriate legal research for all pending legal work.
Compiles, prepares, and presents budget recommendations for area of responsibility and manages budget for same.
NATURE AND SCOPE

Typically reports to a Senior Corporate Counsel or Vice President – Legal.
ENVIRONMENTAL JOB REQUIREMENTS

Environment:

Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.
Travel:

Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time.
Additional Environmental Job Requirements:

Under regular pressure to meet deadlines, quotas and/or must frequently deal with difficult issues related to people or situations.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

Must be eighteen years of age or older.
Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.
Additional Minimum Qualifications:

Education Required:

The completion of a Juris Doctor or equivalent and required certifications for practicing law.
Years of Relevant Work Experience: 5 years

Physical Requirements:

Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.
Preferred Qualifications:

Experience in general corporate law, real estate, construction, commercial transactions, and handling of regulatory issues.
Five (5) years of experience as an attorney.
Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies:

High degree of oral and written communications skills, negotiation skills, and analytical skills.
Ability to make significant contributions to communication for complex matters at a department level. Ability to prepare and assist in the preparation of reports and presentations to officers and executives as appropriate.
The ability to work independently on numerous activities and prioritize them properly while meeting deadlines.
The ability to confront conflict and difficult issues in a professional, assertive and proactive manner. The ability to effectively manage the performance and careers of direct reports, if applicable.
