MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Must be eighteen years of age or older.
Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.

EDUCATION REQUIRED
The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a high school diploma and/or GED.

YEARS OF RELEVANT WORK EXPERIENCE – 1 year

PHYSICAL JOB REQUIREMENTS
Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Knowledge or experience in the home improvement or construction industry is preferred. — Previous administrative support experience. — Computer proficient.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, ABILITIES AND COMPETENCIES
Ability to read and interpret documents and drawings. — Ability to communicate clearly and concisely (both written and verbal). — Proven ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously; keep accurate records and follow-up as necessary to complete customer’s job accurately and on time. — Good interpersonal and customer service skills with a strong sense of urgency and problem solving skills.POSITION PURPOSE
Home Depot Interiors is responsible for the Sales and Manufacturing of premium Kitchen and Bath remodeling products offered in over 45 major markets. The Administrative Coordinator is responsible for reviewing and administering all phases of job orders, customer contracts and contract files. Facilitates customer satisfaction from point-of-sale through follow-up service. Provides on-going support for sales and installation and interacts with other company departments to ensure smooth job flow through the system. In addition, the incumbent assists management with the operation of the office.

MAJOR TASKS, RESPONSIBILITIES AND KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES

Assists management in the operation of the office including phone and administrative support.
Audits all job paperwork for accuracy and submits to the proper department.
Enters all jobs into the computer system while maintaining a high level of accuracy.
Prepares and monitors all orders for service after the installation.
Communicates with the customer the status of the job and works with the customer to resolve all customer service issues. When      necessary, escalates the issues to management. Prepares work tickets.
Generates and distributes various reports.
Input, maintain and follow-up on accounts receivables.  Conducts billing and closing procedures. Ensures timely payment of all      vendors through Accounts Payable.
Other job duties as assigned by manager.
NATURE AND SCOPE
Position Reports to: Director of Administration Number of Direct Reports: 0

ENVIRONMENTAL JOB REQUIREMENTS
Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.

TRAVEL
Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time
