At Home Depot, our powerhouse Outside Sales and Service organizations – Home Services and Pro – come together to create a one-stop shop for our Do-It-For-Me and Pro customers. With more than 2 million in-home visits a year and a world-class network of local, badged providers, Home Services is the end-to-end solution for home installations – with more than 35 national programs. Accounting for approximately 40% of total company sales, our Pro department creates benefits and services designed specifically to enhance the customer service experience of our Professional and contractor customers.

Our goal is to continue to provide a best-in-class experience to our customers. To do so, we need more innovators, pacesetters, and solutions-oriented associates that are passionate about changing the face of retail services and are ready to think strategically about how we do business. Do you want to be a part of the power behind Home Services and Pro? If so, apply for our summer internship to experience what it is like to be a part of our Home Depot PRO 2019 Summer Internship Program.

Internship Overview

The goal of this internship program is to recruit and attract top talent to The Home Depot in order to provide a best-in-class experience for students of our company, our business and our culture. Our goal at the end of the internship is to extend full-time offers to top-performing interns upon receiving undergraduate and post-graduate degrees.

As part of the internship program, interns will have the opportunity to work on value-add business projects, have assigned managers, teams and mentors, learn from the executive leadership team during mentoring sessions, present to leadership on their project, gain exposure to the in-store environment, tour distribution facilities, and network with other Home Depot interns and associates through various social and business networking events.  The interns will gain valuable experience from the Customer Service, Marketing and Merchandising divisions.

MAJOR TASKS, RESPONSIBILITIES AND KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES

Use strategic thinking to approach problems and create solutions
Responsible for the accuracy and quality of work performed
Develop and implement project plans; determine requirements, deliverables, resources, timing/milestones, and risks
Communicate findings and project status clearly and professionally through presentations
Make recommendations to upper management
Provide comprehensive report out to senior leaders on assignments and other related projects
Partner cross-functionally to achieve goals

NATURE AND SCOPE

Typically reports to Manager or Sr. Manager in the Home Depot PRO Organization
No direct responsibility for supervising others.
ENVIRONMENTAL JOB REQUIREMENTS
ENVIRONMENT:
Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.
TRAVEL:
Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

Must be eighteen years of age or older.
Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.
EDUCATION REQUIRED:
The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a high school diploma and/or GED.

YEARS OF RELEVANT WORK EXPERIENCE: 0 years

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:
Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Strong analytical skills
Process/detail oriented
Excellent communication skills (written and verbal)
Project management experience
Time Management
Planning, organization
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access)
Ability to multi-task and prioritize in a fast paced environment
Proven leadership abilities
Juniors and Seniors currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Business, Operations, Logistics, Industrial Engineering, Supply Chain, Management Information Systems, or Retail Studies
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, ABILITIES AND COMPETENCIES:

Ability to communicate issues and recommend solutions in a timely manner.
