JOIN US AND START YOUR CAREER WITH ENERGY.

Phillips 66 is dedicated to helping University New Hires make a smooth transition into the professional world, through specific programs designed to give you the tools you need to successfully launch your career. Get more information at www.p66oncampus.jobs.

Information Technology (IT) is a valued business partner inside Phillips 66, driving digital transformation through the use of new technologies and delivery processes to impact the bottom line. By using agile product management and a DevOps approach to delivery, IT at Phillips 66 works directly with the businesses on their highest priorities. We believe in continuous learning and through our Digital University, we commit to making the latest skills training available throughout your career.

As a Phillips 66 IT University New Hir e , you will have the unique opportunity to undergo a rigorous and exciting six-week program, Experience 66 located in Bartlesville, OK. The program provides you with a solid foundation to help jump start your career at Phillips 66 before beginning your new role. Your job offer will include the job experience and location of either Bartlesville, OK or Houston, TX.

As a Phillips 66 IT University New Hire , you will have the unique opportunity to undergo a rigorous and exciting six-week program called Experience 66. The program provides you with a solid foundation to help jump start your career at Phillips 66 before beginning your new role.

The program enables you to accomplish the following:

Attain first-hand experience in the energy industry

Gain knowledge of the Commercial, Midstream, Refining, Marketing and Lubricants businesses

Grow your knowledge and understanding of the IT organization from managers’ and supervisors’ presentations, discussions and Q&A sessions

Develop new skills with learning opportunities

Participate in additional activities centering around community service, networking and development.

Your job assignment will be made prior to beginning the program and will fall into one of the job experiences listed below:

Software Engineering

Cloud Engineering

Site Reliability Engineering

Data Analytics & Engineering

Digital Business Partner

Your job offer will include your starting location of either Bartlesville, OK or Houston, TX. Both are key IT centers for Phillips 66. Field locations are also available for future roles. We believe our IT professionals will gain the most well-rounded development opportunity by being flexible on location. Mobility is a key expectation.

Requirements for a Phillips 66 University New Hire:

Basic/Required:

Legally authorized to work in the job posting country

Currently enrolled in a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree program in Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics or equivalent field of study

Graduating in Winter 2020 or Spring/Summer 2021

Preferred:

A minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0 on a 4.0 scale

Previous internship with Phillips 66

Previous internship or co-op participant in related industry

Willing to work in any of our operating locations

To apply and be considered:

Apply online by going to https://p66oncampus.jobs and complete the entire application process

Attach an electronic copy of your resume and unofficial transcript

Answer all prescreening questions and provide your eSignature

Candidates for regular U.S. positions must be a U.S. citizen or national, or an alien admitted as permanent resident, refugee, asylee or temporary resident under 8 U.S.C. 1160(a)(1). Individuals with temporary visas such as E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, or TN or who need sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future, are not eligible for hire.

About Phillips 66

Phillips 66 has more than 140 years of experience in providing the energy that enables people to dream bigger and go farther, faster. We are committed to improving lives, and that is our promise to our employees and our communities. We are sustained by the backgrounds and experiences of our diverse teams, which reflect who we are, the environment we create and how we work together. Our company is built on values of safety, honor and commitment. We call our cultural mindset Our Energy in Action, which we define through four simple, intuitive behaviors: We work for the greater good, create an environment of trust, seek different perspectives and achieve excellence. Phillips 66 was recognized by Forbes as one of “America’s Best Employers” in 2019.

Phillips 66 is an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Women/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
