Phillips 66 & You - Together we can fuel the future

Phillips 66 has more than 140 years of experience in providing the energy that enables people to dream bigger and go farther, faster. We are committed to improving lives, and that is our promise to our employees and our communities. We are sustained by the backgrounds and experiences of our diverse teams, which reflect who we are, the environment we create and how we work together. Our company is built on values of safety, honor and commitment. We call our cultural mindset Our Energy in Action, which we define through four simple, intuitive behaviors: We work for the greater good, create an environment of trust, seek different perspectives and achieve excellence. Phillips 66 was recognized by Forbes as one of “America’s Best Employers” in 2019.

DESCRIPTION

The Financial Analyst reports to and is under the general direction of the Finance Manager. Responsibilities include all aspects of plant/trucking logistics for acid & sulfur as well as tracking, reporting and accounting for LPG & NGL shipments, in a timely, cost effective manner, and in accordance with all Company policy and procedures.

Responsibilities May Include

Knowledgeable user of SAP and ability to assists others in the refinery

Lead role in operational logistics for acid & sulfur trucking activities

Discover the most cost-effective shipping modes and schedules

Review inventory levels daily/weekly and take action to reconcile/resolve

Provide strategic insights and recommendations to improve logistics efficiencies

Develop new and evaluate current relationships with vendors (e.g., freight forwarders)

Lead role in LPG & NGL shipments tracking and accounting

Provide support for the completion of year-end reporting procedures and annual audits

Identify business problems and opportunities to lower costs and increase profit

Work with management on implementing programs and improving the management of inventory

Take an active and supportive role in the ERP system and upgrade, helping to monitor and train the user

Key role in SOX controls and audits regarding LPG & NGL shipments

Ability to prioritize, multi-task and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment

Ability to learn fundamentals of other refinery accounting roles in order to back-up and assist

Prepare Month, Quarter, and year-end accounting and reports in a timely and accurate manner

POSITION REQUIREMENTS

Basic/Required:

Legally authorized to work in the job posting country

High School Diploma or GED equivalent

Valid in-state driver’s license

1 or more years of related finance / accounting experience.

Proven analytical skills

Intermediate level of proficiency in Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint and Word and ability to quickly adapt to new systems

Preferred:

Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or Finance

Desired attributes include self-motivation, problem-solver, ability to work autonomously, and strong interpersonal skills

Works well under pressure and able to meet deadlines

Ability to work across functions and disciplines

Good verbal and written communication skills

A self-starter, with experience managing themselves to success and finding their path

Ability to work independently to resolve inconsistencies and problems and deliver results with a limited amount of supervision

To be Considered for this Position:

In order to be considered for this position you must complete the entire application process, which includes answering all prescreening questions and providing your eSignature on or before the requisition closing date of August 18, 2020 .

Candidates for regular U.S. positions must be a U.S. citizen or national, or an alien admitted as permanent resident, refugee, asylee or temporary resident under 8 U.S.C. 1160(a) or 1255(a)(1). Individuals with temporary visas such as E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, or TN or who need sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future, are not eligible for hire.

This Employer is subject to the Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance (FCIHO) (LAMC 189.00). This Employer will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Ordinance.

Phillips 66 is an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Women/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
