Phillips 66 & YOU - Together we can fuel the future

Phillips 66 has more than 140 years of experience in providing the energy that enables people to dream bigger and go farther, faster. We are committed to improving lives, and that is our promise to our employees and our communities. We are sustained by the backgrounds and experiences of our diverse teams, which reflect who we are, the environment we create and how we work together. Our company is built on values of safety, honor and commitment. We call our cultural mindset Our Energy in Action, which we define through four simple, intuitive behaviors: We work for the greater good, create an environment of trust, seek different perspectives and achieve excellence. Phillips 66 was recognized by Forbes as one of “America’s Best Employers” in 2019.

DESCRIPTION

The Director, Alkylation Technology is responsible for advanced technical support to alkylation, oligomerization, and LPG caustic treating operations in Refining organization. Drive process safety, regulatory compliance, and best practices; identify, develop, justify, and champion the implementation of improvement opportunities; benchmark processes and procedures.

Responsibilities May Include

Leading and participating with process unit audits and quantitative risk analysis (QRA)

Supporting process hazards analyses and management of change reviews

Implementing yield and throughput improvement initiatives

Identifying opportunities to improve operation, safety, reliability, and economics by evaluating units, leading reviews, monthly teleconferences, annual face-to-face conferences, and facilitating knowledge sharing

Participating in or leading configuration studies, improvement programs, and projects

Benchmarking technologies, track performance metrics, and implement unit monitoring programs

Defining good operation, developing and implementing Best Practices and Standards

Leveraging network expertise and knowledge

Supporting unit engineers with catalyst evaluations, regenerations, and turnaround activities

Providing training to engineers and operators

Staying current and advance technology improvements in catalyst, equipment, operating procedures, industry practices, controls, process safety, and environmental

Consulting with refineries, vendors, and R&D on operating issues, improvement projects, and new technologies

Leading Best Practice Networks

Participating with and supporting incident investigations

Representing the company with industry standards development and at conferences

POSITION REQUIREMENTS

Basic/Required:

Legally authorized to work in the job posting country

Bachelor's degree or higher in Engineering

3 or more years of refining industry experience

Alkylation process experience

Travel 10% to 25% of the time

Occasional weekend work for refinery support

Preferred:

Master’s degree in Chemical Engineering

3 or more years of operating plant experience

Hydrofluoric acid alkylation process experience

Caustic treating process experience

Fired heater experience

Strong customer and business focus

Good leadership and influence skills including ability to identify performance gaps, drive improvements, prioritize work, and implement change

To be considered

In order to be considered for this position you must complete the entire application process, which includes answering all prescreening questions and providing your eSignature on or before the requisition closing date of August 10, 2020 .

Candidates for regular U.S. positions must be a U.S. citizen or national, or an alien admitted as permanent resident, refugee, asylee or temporary resident under 8 U.S.C. 1160(a) or 1255(a)(1). Individuals with temporary visas such as E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, or TN or who need sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future, are not eligible for hire.

Phillips 66 is an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Women/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
