Phillips 66 & YOU - Together we can fuel the future

Phillips 66 has more than 140 years of experience in providing the energy that enables people to dream bigger and go farther, faster. We are committed to improving lives, and that is our promise to our employees and our communities. We are sustained by the backgrounds and experiences of our diverse teams, which reflect who we are, the environment we create and how we work together. Our company is built on values of safety, honor and commitment. We call our cultural mindset Our Energy in Action, which we define through four simple, intuitive behaviors: We work for the greater good, create an environment of trust, seek different perspectives and achieve excellence. Phillips 66 was recognized by Forbes as one of “America’s Best Employers” in 2019.

DESCRIPTION

The Associate, Packaging loads and unloads lube oil, lube additives, grease additives and containers received and shipped by truck, operating safely following Phillips 66 Company policy and practices while complying with pertinent Federal, State and local regulations, supporting the Phillips 66 Company Mission Statement and its commitment to quality and environmental policies.

Responsibilities May Include

Determining all package-order loading requirements for Phillips 66 Company customers.

Efficiently organizing, preparing and accurately loading packaged oil and grease SKU’s onto trucks for shipment to customers abiding by individual truck weight and DOT regulations while completing proper paperwork and SAP related responsibilities.

Unloading packaged oils and greases received from outside sources into designated inventory locations in accordance with proper FIFO guidelines.

Unloading empty pails, quarter barrels, quart containers and tote bins from delivery trucks and positions into designated storage locations.

Assisting in the rotation of all finished package goods to ensure first-in / first-out (FIFO)inventory quality control management.

Operating industrial lift truck in a safe, efficient and professional manner according to Phillips 66 Company policies and procedures.

Responsible for keeping assigned department and work area clean and orderly.

Responsible for following the standard operating procedures defined by the IATF 16949 Quality and the ISO14000-2015 Environmental management systems and for fulfilling required on-line web-based training.

With proper supervision, training, and certification, while monitoring for quality control and in a safe and efficient manner assist in all other facets of Lubricant operations including but not restricted to the loading and unloading of bulk products both into and from the terminal, assisting in the operation of the filling equipment, assisting in the requirements of the blending department, receipt and inspection of empty barrels, printing of product container labels, the cleanup and transfer of products, and participation in scheduled inventory and overtime requirements as warranted.

Adhering to, supporting and actively contributing to the Phillips 66 Company VPP and SAFESTART programs.

Performing other responsibilities as coordinated by the Assistant Plant Manager.

POSITION REQUIREMENTS

Basic/Required:

Legally authorized to work in the job posting country

High school diploma or equivalent

Willing and able to obtain a Transportation Worker Identification Card (TWIC). Information can be found at https://twicprogram.tsa.dhs.gov/TWICWebApp/

Preferred:

Work experience related to Shipping/receiving, warehousing, production lines, forklift operation

Willingness to learn and follow Phillips 66 Company policies and procedures

Product knowledge container sizes, weights, warehouse locations, package lube loading

Safe and legal loading requirements for package vans and the safe and efficient operation of lift trucks

The ability to maintain a Positive, Productive and Enthusiastic work environment

Lubricants

Pioneering leaders and groundbreaking product lines have helped Phillips 66 evolve into the fourth-largest lubricants supplier in the United States. With world-class research and development facilities and eight proprietary blending and packaging facilities, Phillips 66 lubricants are sold in more than 80 countries. We reach across every key lubricants market, including automotive, trucking, agriculture, aviation, power generation, mining and construction. We manufacture and sell automotive, commercial, industrial and specialty lubricants, which are marketed worldwide under the Phillips 66, Kendall and Red Line brands, as well as other private label brands. We also market Group II Pure Performance base oils globally, and import and market Group III Ultra-S base oils through an agreement with South Korea’s S-Oil corporation.

To be considered

In order to be considered for this position you must complete the entire application process, which includes answering all prescreening questions and providing your eSignature on or before the requisition closing date of August 12, 2020.

Candidates for regular U.S. positions must be a U.S. citizen or national, or an alien admitted as permanent resident, refugee, asylee or temporary resident under 8 U.S.C. 1160(a) or 1255(a)(1). Individuals with temporary visas such as E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, or TN or who need sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future, are not eligible for hire.

Phillips 66 is an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Women/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
