BRING YOUR ENERGY TO AN OUTSTANDING INTERNSHIP.

Our internships allow you to provide your energy, your collaboration, and your contribution as you experience the same types of challenges as our full-time hires. We believe internships are a great way for us to get to know you and for you to get to know our company. The majority of our University New Hires come through our intern program. Get more information at www.p66oncampus.jobs.

Summer internship activities may include the following:

• Orientation and training events, field trips, social activities, weekly seminars and opportunities to meet and interact with functional leaders.

• Participating in continuous coaching conversations with your manager, who will provide direction throughout your internship.

• Provided with an assigned mentor for further guidance and to help you with the technical challenges of your role and give assistance in navigating through the day-to-day questions regarding working in the corporate world.

• Giving a presentation at the end of the summer to senior business leaders and key stakeholders. This is an opportunity for you to demonstrate what you learned in your internship and provide insight on your experience.

Encompassing an entire production, manufacturing and marketing value chain, Phillips 66 Lubricants is a market leader in North America and a growing part of the company portfolio. We differentiate ourselves through the quality of our products and our ability to capture opportunities effectively.

A summer internship with Phillips 66 Lubricants offers the opportunity to apply your skills and sharpen your business acumen, providing on-the-job experience with the economics and analysis that drive real business decisions.

• Projects vary widely in scope, ranging from the optimization and debottlenecking of plant operations to the evaluation and development of market strategies

• Learn about the Lubricants business by working with experts throughout the value chain and travelling across the country to visit refineries, production sites and a world class research and development facility

• Utilize business management tools to optimize the Phillips 66 Lubricants’ supply chain and analyze market intelligence to identify opportunities for growth in the industry

• Internship opportunities are located at our headquarters in Houston, Texas

Requirements for a Phillips 66 Internship:

Basic/Required:

Legally authorized to work in the job posting country

Currently enrolled in a Bachelor’s degree program in Business, Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, Supply Chain Management, or equivalent field of study

Greater than 30 hours of earned college credit

Graduation date of August 2021 or later

Available for a minimum of eight continuous weeks

Preferred:

A minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0 on a 4.0 scale

Previous internship with Phillips 66

Previous internship or co-op participant in related industry

Willing to work in any of our operating locations

To apply and be considered:

Apply online by going to https://p66oncampus.jobs and complete the entire application process

Attach an electronic copy of your resume and unofficial transcript

Answer all prescreening questions and provide your eSignature

Candidates for regular U.S. positions must be a U.S. citizen or national, or an alien admitted as permanent resident, refugee, asylee or temporary resident under 8 U.S.C. 1160(a) or 1255(a)(1). Individuals with temporary visas such as E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, or TN or who need sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future, are not eligible for hire.

About Phillips 66

Phillips 66 has more than 140 years of experience in providing the energy that enables people to dream bigger and go farther, faster. We are committed to improving lives, and that is our promise to our employees and our communities. We are sustained by the backgrounds and experiences of our diverse teams, which reflect who we are, the environment we create and how we work together. Our company is built on values of safety, honor and commitment. We call our cultural mindset Our Energy in Action, which we define through four simple, intuitive behaviors: We work for the greater good, create an environment of trust, seek different perspectives and achieve excellence. Phillips 66 was recognized by Forbes as one of “America’s Best Employers” in 2019.

Phillips 66 is an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Women/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
