Description

SHIFT: Day Job

SCHEDULE: Full-time




Your Talent. Our Vision. At Anthem, Inc., it’s a powerful combination, and the foundation upon which we’re creating greater access to care for our members, greater value for our customers, and greater health for our communities. Join us and together we will drive the future of health care.



This is an exceptional opportunity to do innovative work that means more to you and those we serve at one of America's leading health care companies and a Fortune Top 50 Company.




												Executive Administrative Assistant  Sr.
														     Atlanta, GA


Executive Administrative Assistant Sr.
The Executive Assistant position is an innovative fast paced role, which combines elements of the traditional Executive Admin support with the opportunity to acquire a broad skill set of fundamental corporate skills. This person will have a high sense of urgency and ability to think and act quickly to support the Division President, remotely and in person. If you are eager and ultra organized, this could be the role for you.


Travel arrangement (hotel, flight bookings and reconciliation) for management and staff
Pre-travel approval form and expense report preparation management for Director and staff
Receive, scan and submit office mail, FedEx invoices. etc., to company headquarters
Perform general office and administrative duties and errands, such as: updating paperwork, maintaining documents and word processing, helping organize and maintain office common areas
Record on-site and phone/virtual meeting minutes, generate memos, emails and reports for management and staff as requested
Complete document and package shipment documentations for staff as necessary
Office supplies ordering and inventory management Office equipment regular maintenance and repairs management
Other tasks assigned by management from time to time






Qualifications


About You:

As an Executive Assistant you are a:

Creative thinker – You are curious and unafraid to ask questions
Hard worker – You are industrious and diligent in everything you do
Innovator – You are willing to initiate changes and introduce new ideas


Your experience includes:

Excellent written and communication skills
Ability to independently troubleshoot and drive issues to resolution
Must possess excellent customer service skills and a willingness to be helpful
Ability to maintain professionalism and a sense of urgency in all situations
Minimum 8 year of experience working as a personal assistant, as an executive assistant, or similar experience
Available by phone or email when out of office as needed
Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook)

Anthem, Inc. is ranked as one of America’s Most Admired Companies among health insurers by Fortune magazine and has been named a 2019 Best Employers for Diversity by Forbes. To learn more about our company and apply, please visit us at careers.antheminc.com. An Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veteran.
