Job Description
Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message.  In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as “Personal Cell” or “Cellular” in the contact information of your application.

At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.

Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.

Internal Audit conducts audits and reports the results of our work to the Audit & Examinations Committee of the Board of Directors. We provide independent, objective assurance and consulting services delivered through a highly competent and diverse team. As a business partner, Audit helps the Company accomplish its objectives by bringing a systematic, disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of risk management, control, and governance processes.

The Corporate Risk and Capital Management (CRCM), is comprised of Operational Risk, Compliance Risk, Enterprise Risk, Credit Risk, Market Risk, Model Risk, Capital Adequacy, Basel, and Capital Regulatory Reporting teams. The Model Audit team is seeking a talented, experienced professional.

The Model Audit Team focuses on oversight of model risk management and compliance with supervisory guidance and internal policy. The team provides advice and offer credible challenge to business partners regarding the effectiveness of the control environment, business trends, issues, and operating and regulatory environment changes related to the development, validation, ongoing monitoring and use of models.

Specific Duties:

Sr. Auditors participate in basic audit projects as directed. They are responsible for:

Performing audit testing of moderately complex components of assigned audits within multiple segments of the Audit Plan.
Plans and executes independent audit reviews and ensure that they are timely and accurate.
Document work papers according to the standards of the Audit policy and guidance.
Identifies and assesses key risks and controls and develops effective test plans for engagements as assigned with limited guidance.
Develops business partnerships within Audit and with teams across WF through professional communication and clear audit deliverables.
May perform auditor-in-charge responsibilities as assigned
Required Qualifications

3+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following audit or risk functions: covering risk identification, mitigation and management (includes audit, legal, operational risk, compliance risk, credit risk, market risk, technology risk, or the management of a process or business with accountability for risk.)
Desired Qualifications

Experience at a financial institution or accounting firm
A BS/BA degree or higher
Solid knowledge and understanding of audit or risk methodologies and supporting tools
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Strong organizational, multi-tasking, and prioritizing skills
Ability to execute in a fast paced, high demand, environment while balancing multiple priorities
Solid problem solving skills
Good analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy
Other Desired Qualifications
Model and model risk understanding and experience (SR 11-7 / OCC 2011-12).
Certification in one or more of the following:  CPA, CIA, CAMS, CRCM, CISA or Commissioned Bank Examiner designation.
Knowledge and experience in one or more of the following areas: counterparty credit risk, market risk, capital management, BASEL, capital markets trading.
Job Expectations

Ability to travel up to 10% of the time
