Job Description
About Wells Fargo

Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE: WFC) is a diversified, community based financial services company with $1.9 trillion in assets. Wells Fargo’s vision is to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. Founded in 1852 and headquartered in San Francisco, Wells Fargo provides banking, investment, and mortgage products and services, as well as consumer and commercial finance, through 7,500 locations, more than 13,000 ATMs, the internet (wellsfargo.com), and mobile banking, and has offices in 32 countries and territories to support customers who conduct business in the global economy. With approximately 261,000 team members, Wells Fargo serves one in three households in the U.S. Wells Fargo & Company was ranked No. 29 on Fortune’s 2019 rankings of America’s largest corporations.

News, insights, and perspectives from Wells Fargo are also available at Wells Fargo Stories.

Wells Fargo Legal Department

We support the vision, values, and goals of Wells Fargo by providing expert, creative, and timely advice and services to all Wells Fargo businesses and support functions. We strive to provide cost-effective advice and services in accordance with the highest standards of judgment, integrity, and ethical leadership.
In doing so, we act in partnership with our business and control function colleagues to find creative solutions that best serve our customers, prudently manage risks, and contribute to Wells Fargo's enterprise success. Within our Department, we seek to create a stimulating, diverse, and collegial work environment in which team members collaborate effectively with each other and with other team members throughout the company.

The Role

The Deputy General Counsel will lead a team that provides integrated strategic legal advice to a range of corporate/enterprise functions, including technology, cybersecurity, privacy, strategy, innovation, M&A, contracts, real estate, marketing, and others.

The Deputy will serve as a senior legal advisor and strategic partner to senior executives across Wells Fargo. The Deputy will maintain regular contact with the attorneys responsible for significant business matters, and will review and approve recommendations for complex legal issue resolution as well as advise and collaborate with the Company’s senior executive leaders concerning these significant matters; meet with regulators regarding significant matters within the scope of the Division’s support; assist in the coordination of cross- Departmental legal support on various significant enterprise initiatives; serve as an Executive Sponsor of corporate initiatives and legal matters, and participate in company reputation risk management efforts. The Deputy will be a member of the Legal Department’s Senior Leadership Team.

The Candidate

The successful candidate will demonstrate effectiveness in building and developing high-performing teams focused on driving business results through effective leadership and team member engagement; contributing to broad enterprise functions strategy with an enterprise focus; and, embodying the vision and values of Wells Fargo. The successful candidate will also be effective in establishing strong working relationships with the head and senior leadership of the enterprise functions and will be regarded as a trusted advisor on legal and regulatory issues, business strategy, risk management, and business management in a manner that is consistent with Company goals and expectations.

The successful candidate will:

Have deep experience with enterprise functions and significant management experience.
Take ownership of legal matters and work as a team with others to present comprehensive, informed, practical legal advice.
Develop relationships with key stakeholders and an understanding of business objectives, operational and technological capabilities relevant to business strategy and legal advice; use influence, expertise and communications skills to advance outcomes.
Drive financial performance consistent with strategic objectives and risk framework to meet company performance goals.
Execute on Wells Fargo’s highest priority commitments and advance its strategy.
Lead the advancement of D&I efforts across the company by driving actions to deliver against company commitments.
Accurately and transparently escalate and explain relevant legal matters and trends to senior executives, Operating Committee, the Board of Directors, regulators.
Advance Operational Excellence in key legal, process and operational activities.
Operate with the highest levels of ethics and integrity.
Required Qualifications

Active State Bar membership
8+ years of management experience leading large teams of attorneys and other legal professionals practicing in a major law firm, banking regulatory agency, or in-house legal department
15+ years of practicing as an attorney with a major law firm, banking regulatory agency or in-house legal department
Desired Qualifications

Budget management experience
Ability to develop and execute business vision, strategies, and goals to achieve corporate objectives
Ability to develop and maintain effective relationships within and across business lines at all levels of the organization
Ability to make complex decisions
Effective organizational, multi tasking, and prioritizing skills
Ability to lead and motivate staff to prioritize work, meet deadlines, achieve goals, and work under pressure in a dynamic and complex environment
Leadership and management experience for multiple legal divisions and managers with staff representation across multiple geographic locations
Other Desired Qualifications
Financial Services experience preferred
Experience working with regulatory agencies with responsibility for supervision of functions supported by the Division
Demonstrated experience managing large-scale, complex legal matters for enterprise functions
Proven client relationship and interpersonal skills at the senior executive level, including the ability to provide valuable and trusted advice to clients and colleagues on legal and regulatory questions
Highly developed organizational savvy and executive intelligence
Excellent written and oral communication and negotiation skills
Experience leading large and varied cross-enterprise legal support projects and driving results
Proven ability to (i) adapt quickly to a changing or crisis environment while building relationships and negotiating for desired outcomes, (ii) work under pressure to meet tight deadlines, (iii) understand complex business activities and operations, (iv) prioritize among competing demands, and (v) develop and maintain relationships of trust with business leaders
Experience leading business legal reviews and remediation efforts
Proven ability to lead a legal team and business unit clients through strategic change
Demonstrated ability to effectively represent client interests
Location: New York, NY; Charlotte, NC preferred; may consider other Wells Fargo Legal Department hub locations
