Overview
Citi’s technology team is growing at lightning speed, and we’re looking for talented technologists to help build the future of global banking. Our teams are creating innovations used across the globe – we’re changing the way people bank and how the world does business. Citi’s technology team supports business operations in 100+ countries, across multiple lines of business spanning both Institutional and retail businesses. The group works to optimize the IT environment by standardizing production platforms, reducing complexity, and introducing innovative solutions that provide new business capabilities, reduce total cost of ownership, and create a competitive advantage for Citi. Join an environment with a laser focus on growth and progress, and take your career to the next level through the power of Citi’s unmatched globality and vast expertise.

Responsibilities
Looking for a different software engineering role where you can make a real impact? Comfortable with helping define the Why and the How rather than just being asked to deliver the What? You could belong here.

As a key team member helping to prove the value in early stage businesses, the D10X Software Engineer will want to help define what should be built. With a focused determination to deliver, you will be as comfortable rapid prototyping as with chasing down the data you need through enterprise control systems – just happy to do whatever it takes to give a new business its best chance through the systems you build.

You will be comfortable with ambiguity and embrace iteration as a necessary part of finding product market fit. You will always wish to understand why a software feature has business value – want to know the customer journey that is being addressed to ensure you are building the right thing in the right way.

About D10X

We believe the future’s here. Right here with us. Home to where we define, ideate, develop and distribute production-ready financial solutions of far-reaching impact. And right now, the door’s open to direct the future of our technology for a truly global client base. This means collaborating with the keenest minds in data science, big data, software engineering, web development, UX design and more. Doers looking to bring the next bold ideas to life for a fascinating array of clients - investing, trading and transacting at the forefront of change in markets and economies the world over.

If you have this kind of vision, capable of seeing ahead, of developing a clear path forward in a quest to try the as yet untried, here is the opportunity. In a supported, resource-rich, vibrant co-working environment, part of an ecosystem of globally interconnected labs, realising a broader mission of enabling growth and economic progress on a scale you won’t find anywhere else. Welcome to our London Innovation Lab.

The project work involved being part of CitiVenture’s D10X programme.  This is a strategic growth initiative building new businesses – “Lean startups” - inside Citi. These startups span our institutional clients group (ICG), corporate and investment banks, and our trade and treasury services. The potential for huge transformation of all kinds of financial services built around great client experiences is at the heart of what we do.

Key Responsibilities:

You’ll be a key part of the D10X team based in NY, but part of a wider global team in New York, Dublin, Singapore, and Shanghai.

Primarily you’ll be rapidly prototyping new products to test important customer features or demonstrate to key stakeholders. This will likely involve a lot of frontend-heavy work, but also a considerable amounts of data manipulation techniques – even some ML where it’s needed.

It’s important to remember that Citi is one of the world’s biggest banks, and we’re regulated. As such, we need to make sure our apps are enterprise-ready, secure and compliant, but lightweight and fit-for-purpose. We’ll help guide you through this if you’ve not done it before.

Skills and Qualifications

We’re looking for a well-rounded individual who’s not afraid to roll their sleeves up. We use some exciting tools and technologies – ideally you’ll know some, but we want you to be excited about what we’re doing.

We think you’ll be the definition of a “full stack developer”, and have cut your teeth on relational and non-relational data, front end frameworks, and APIs and microservices. We appreciate that might seem like a lot, but this is a varied role that will require diving into all areas, so even if you don’t have the direct experience you should be comfortable with uncertainty and be excited to learn.

A lot of what we build will be prototypes and proof-of-concepts for internal validation and learning. As such, we’d like you to be able to have some strong experience with a modern JavaScript front end framework, such as React or Angular.

We’re looking to expand our global team’s development standards and best practices, so we’re looking for someone who’s excited by driving quality code, reviews, testing (at all stages), and continuous integration and deployment.

D10X offers a wide scope to solve problems for our clients, and you should be adaptable and resourceful, with a strong, team-based, work ethic. As a global team, verbal and written communication skills are vital.

-------------------------------------------------

Grade :All Job Level - All Job FunctionsAll Job Level - All Job Functions - US
------------------------------------------------------

Time Type :
------------------------------------------------------

Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.
Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.

Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi”) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity CLICK HERE.

To view the "EEO is the Law" poster CLICK HERE. To view the EEO is the Law Supplement CLICK HERE.
To view the EEO Policy Statement CLICK HERE.
To view the Pay Transparency Posting CLICK HERE.
