The Assistant General Counsel is a senior management-level position responsible for accomplishing results through the management of a team or department to manage and direct day-to-day legal activities in coordination with the Legal team.

Banking Capital Markets and Advisory Legal (BCMA Legal) supports the Investment Banking and Capital Markets businesses globally within Citi.  Accordingly, BCMA Legal’s advice impacts both domestic and cross-border transactions. In this role, the attorney will be a member of the BCMA Legal team in New York, reporting directly to Darrell Bridgers.

Responsibilities:

Provide legal advice relating to capital markets deal execution.
Apply comprehensive understanding of multiple function areas, acting as a subject matter expert in area of expertise to achieve goals of the function
Resolve moderately complex legal issues with moderate impact on business/function segment and provide legal advisory services
Partner with business/functional line management in recommending, developing and executing business plans within permissible statutory and regulatory frameworks
Coordinate resources to meet business needs and ensure efficient delivery of legal services in business or country/region
Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency, as well as effectively supervise the activity of others and create accountability with those who fail to maintain these standards.
Qualifications:

JD degree required
5+ years’ of relevant experience as a corporate or securities attorney, representing multinational corporations is preferred
“Big Law” experience is a plus but not required.
License to practice law in one US state
-------------------------------------------------

Grade :All Job Level - All Job FunctionsAll Job Level - All Job Functions - US
------------------------------------------------------

Time Type :Full time
------------------------------------------------------

Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.
Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.

Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi”) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity CLICK HERE.

To view the "EEO is the Law" poster CLICK HERE. To view the EEO is the Law Supplement CLICK HERE.
To view the EEO Policy Statement CLICK HERE.
To view the Pay Transparency Posting CLICK HERE.
