The Executive Assistant will provide support to the Digital Acquisitions team within US Consumer Digital by handling correspondence, managing calendars and appointments, arranging conferences and conference calls, making travel arrangements and providing other administrative tasks.


Responsibilities:

Directly supports a C15 level manager and generally supports an entire department
Manages day to day calendar(s) of senior management; arranges meetings and secures meeting rooms
Arranges conferences, meetings and events as required by the Unit; establishes priorities on behalf of manager or team
Coordinates travel arrangements; prepare and distribute schedules/agendas for travel
Assists team members with the documentation related to overseas travel Visa, ticketing, hotel, airport transfers, foreign exchange, ground transportation and expense reports
Handles incoming calls; responds to inquiries
Orders supplies and process invoices through Procure to Pay system
Process and follow-up on Virtual Requests
May prepare and review materials and correspondence for meetings
Maintains and update files/records, produces reports and various correspondence
Handles sensitive materials; maintain appropriate levels of confidentiality
Performs other duties and functions as assigned
Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency.
Qualifications:

Previous office administration experience preferably within a large and complex financial services or similar organization
Self-motivated and detail oriented
Consistently demonstrates clear and concise written and verbal communication skills
Proficient in Microsoft Office
Education:

Bachelor's/University degree or equivalent experience
This job description provides a high-level review of the types of work performed. Other job-related duties may be assigned as required.

-------------------------------------------------

Grade :All Job Level - All Job FunctionsAll Job Level - All Job Functions - US
------------------------------------------------------

Time Type :Full time
------------------------------------------------------

Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.
Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.

Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi”) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity CLICK HERE.

To view the "EEO is the Law" poster CLICK HERE. To view the EEO is the Law Supplement CLICK HERE.
To view the EEO Policy Statement CLICK HERE.
To view the Pay Transparency Posting CLICK HERE.
