You're the brains behind our work.






You're ready to bring your knowledge from the classroom to the boardroom; and Citi wants to help you get there. Whether it's honing your skills or building your network; we know that success can't come without growth.

This competitive paid internship will span 10 weeks beginning June 1st  - August 7th 2019.





We provide you with the knowledge and skills you need to succeed.
As a Summer Intern, you will have the chance to contribute as a member of the team to which you are selected and have responsibilities similar to a first year professional. Citi utilizes the Summer Internship as a primary source for hiring full-time professionals, and strongly encourages all those interested in full-time roles in Tampa to apply.




The following departments will be hiring Summer Interns, and you will be prompted to select your preferred Tracks:

**Departments are subject to change



Institutional Clients Group: This team provides its hedge fund clients with first class service, leveraging Citi’s global footprint. These business groups include:

Control & Reporting

Prime Finance / Middle Office

Futures, Clearing & Collateral

Markets Operations

Global Fund Services

Information Services Group

Private Bank Operations

Treasury & Trade Solutions



Finance: Comprised of various functions, including Regulatory Reporting, Treasury, Tax, Controllers, Financial Planning & Analysis and Account Reconciliation serving both internal and external clients.



Legal: Provides essential negotiation and contract administration support within the Legal Negotiations Unit, Legal Administration and Operations.



Risk: Responsible for portfolio performance analysis and reporting for regional Entities in their management of Business Monitoring and Reviews.



Human Resources: Encompasses a broad range of HR support and consultation that may include Employee Relations, Leadership & Development, Performance Management, Immigration & Mobility, Compensation and Benefits.



HR Shared Services: A department of nearly 1,500 employees who provide customer-focused, value-centric HR services globally to our employees, including HR systems, operations, employee onboarding and benefit & payroll administration.

Enterprise Supply Chain – world class end-to-end supply chain organization that partners with the business to drive competitive advantage and mitigate supply risk for Citi.  Global Supply Chain supports the end to end supplier life cycle process from risk assessment to competitive bidding and vendor selection to contracts and payments to systems.  The ESC organization leverages organizational and operational synergies across the component supply chain functions to greatly enhance support for Citi’s third party risk governance model.




Your time here will look something like this...
Summer interns are integrated as full-time team members and undertake responsibilities within most aspects of their team.

Interns will be responsible for ad-hoc projects throughout the course of the summer, which they will be required to present on at the end of the program.

Additionally, there will be a calendar of events developed to create networking opportunities with senior leaders within Citi.

We want to hear from you if...
The ideal Summer Intern is currently enrolled in a Florida based college or university and actively pursuing their Bachelor Degree or Master Degree and will graduate between May 2020 and June 2021.



Degree/ Major(s):    Accounting, Business, Economics, Finance, BAIS / MIS, Human Resource Management, Psychology, STEM majors and Juris Doctorate candidates.

GPA:                          3.0 or higher

Work Authorization:          U.S. Citizen or Permanent Resident

Compensation:       Competitive

Location(s):             Tampa, FL (Brandon area)



Who we think will be a great fit...
Successful Summer Interns represent a broad spectrum of disciplines but share many common traits. They include:



High performers with a history of academic excellence and extracurricular achievement
Strong work ethic; driven to succeed; time management skills
Solid aptitude for project management
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Analytical skills
Well developed technology skills; advanced experience in Microsoft Word & Excel
Ability and desire to work in Tampa, Florida
 
