Description

Executes the day to day accounting and analysis activities which may include the Refinery’s financial planning, capital budgeting, cost accounting, expense budgeting, financial and statistical reporting.

Prepares analysis, which may include the Refinery’s financial planning, capital budgeting, cost accounting, expense budgeting, and financial and statistical reporting.
Prepares refinery financial forecasts, results of operations, capital budget and expense budgets, prepares analysis of variances to plan, prepares specific Solomon tables as needed, preparation of various financial and operating reports, headquarters accounting close support, and budget management support.
Assists Refinery Controller or other staff positions with reporting, analysis and special projects such as VLP tank drops, asset sales and strategic plan development.
Prepares accounting journals as needed and assists with Sarbanes-Oxley tests as required.
Follows safety rules and procedures as set forth by the company.
This position is salaried exempt status, which means you are not eligible for overtime pay.

Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree (or higher) in Accounting required.
Master’s degree preferred.
Three (3) years of accounting experience required.
Basic understanding of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), theories, and ability to apply them to the Corporation's accounting needs required.
CPA certification preferred.
Experience in the refining and/or chemical manufacturing industry preferred.
Working knowledge of SAP preferred.
The ideal candidate for this position is willing and able to move to another Valero refinery within three to five years of employment.

Position level and salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience.


All successful candidates must be eligible to obtain a TWIC card (Transportation Worker Identification Credential). It is Valero’s policy that employees must wear this card at all times while working at the refinery. Please review eligibility criteria at https://www.tsa.gov/for-industry/twic.



Valero's employees are the heart of its success, and there is a reason why the company is an employer of choice in the fuels manufacturing and marketing industry. It’s not just the excellent benefits package, or the opportunities for personal growth, it’s also the caring and committed culture of the organization that makes everyone feel like they’re truly part of a team. For more information, visit Valero.com.



Valero is an EEO/AA Employer. All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected status including sexual orientation, gender identity, Women, Minorities, Individuals with Disabilities and protected Veterans.
*LI-LP1

Job: Accounting/Tax/Audit
Primary Location:US-TX-Port Arthur
Job Posting Jul 15, 2020, 3:31:23 PM
Unposting Date Ongoing
