Description

Manages the environmental program for Valero Terminals and Distributions Company.

Provides leadership and promotes a positive environmental culture throughout VTDC.
Drives the continuous improvement of the environmental program.
Provides or obtains subject-matter expertise and technical support for all media of environmental.
Provides direct supervision and guidance to environmental staff to manage compliance with federal, state and local regulatory requirements for air, water and waste.
Provides oversight of contracted consultants procured for specific select tasks. This includes managing work flow, quality, and schedule.
Responsible for ensuring that regulatory, permit and internal deadlines are met.
Reviews environmental reports, permit applications and other deliverables.  Elevates high level concerns to Sr. Management.
Responsible for ensuring a high level of quality, accuracy and completeness of environmental deliverables.
Manages and maintains programs in accordance with company standards and regulatory requirements.   Reviews effectiveness and modifies programs to ensure department goals, company standards and regulatory requirements are met.
Manages project and task budgets including proposal review, purchase order tracking, invoice review and approval, and budget tracking via established group system.
Manages fee payments for regulatory permits and ensures no delinquencies.
Provides input to on annual program budget needs.
Provides weekly and monthly reports to upper management on pertinent program developments and issues, including status updates on key permitting, reporting and compliance actions.
Maintains regular communications and coordination with Engineering, Integrity Management, Legal, Corporate Communications and Site Operations to facilitate effective customer service/support.
This position is salaried exempt status, which means you are not eligible for overtime pay.

Qualifications

Bachelor’s or higher level degree in Engineering or related Science required.
10 years of experience providing environmental support in Oil & Gas or similar industry required.
Experience working with federal, state and local requirements for all environmental media required.
Supervisory experience preferred.
Technical expertise in environmental matters relevant to pipeline/ terminal or similar operations preferred.


All successful candidates must be eligible to obtain a TWIC card (Transportation Worker Identification Credential). It is Valero’s policy that employees must wear this card at all times while working at the refinery. Please review eligibility criteria at https://www.tsa.gov/for-industry/twic.



Position level and salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience.


Valero's employees are the heart of its success, and there is a reason why the company is an employer of choice in the fuels manufacturing and marketing industry. It’s not just the excellent benefits package, or the opportunities for personal growth, it’s also the caring and committed culture of the organization that makes everyone feel like they’re truly part of a team. For more information, visit Valero.com.

Valero is an EEO/AA Employer. All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected status including sexual orientation, gender identity, Women, Minorities, Individuals with Disabilities and protected Veterans.

*LI-LP1

Job: Health, Safety, & Environmental: Professionals & Engineers
Primary Location:US-TX-San Antonio
Job Posting Jul 28, 2020, 9:25:34 PM
Unposting Date Ongoing
