Description

Responsible for operating and maintaining different styles, types and sizes of hydraulic cranes, forklifts, backhoes, maintainers, bulldozers, hydraulic bundle extractors, air tuggers along with any other type of lifting or hoisting equipment that would aid personnel in safely performing their job.



Documents and performs daily equipment inspections.
Inspects all rigging equipment prior to use on a daily basis.
Determines the safest rigging application to lift, move or transport any given load.
Rigs all sizes of loads throughout the refinery from a basic single leg hitch to complex multiple leg hitches.
Inspects, maintains and safely operates different types and sizes of chain falls and come-along.
Maintains and safely operates Diesel hydraulic bundle pullers.
Inspects, maintains and safely operates different types and sizes of forklifts.
Inspects, maintains and safely operates different types and sizes of man lifts.
Inspects, maintains and safely operates different styles, types and sizes of carrydeck cranes, cherry pickers..
Determines and installs correct size and length of cable on various lifting apparatuses throughout the plant.
Safely erects and dismantles boom extensions (jibs) on various cranes operating in the plant.
Has working knowledge of various computer systems on cranes and cherry pickers operating in the plant.
Inspects, maintains and safely operates different styles, types and sizes of civil equipment (backhoes, maintainers, bulldozers).
Assists other crafts such as pipefitters/boilermakers; pump mechanics, general craftspersons, etc. in performing their job duties.

This position is hourly nonexempt status, which means you are eligible for overtime pay.
Qualifications

High school diploma or GED required.
NCCCO Certified or equivalent certification required.
Five (5) years of recent experience in petrochemical field required.
Completion of a Heavy Equipment Operator apprenticeship or equivalent required.


All successful candidates must be eligible to obtain a TWIC card (Transportation Worker Identification Credential). It is Valero’s policy that employees must wear this card at all times while working at the refinery. Please review eligibility criteria at https://www.tsa.gov/for-industry/twic.



Valero's employees are the heart of its success, and there is a reason why the company is an employer of choice in the fuels manufacturing and marketing industry. It’s not just the excellent benefits package, or the opportunities for personal growth, it’s also the caring and committed culture of the organization that makes everyone feel like they’re truly part of a team. For more information, visit Valero.com.


Valero is an EEO/AA Employer. All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected status including sexual orientation, gender identity, Women, Minorities, Individuals with Disabilities and protected Veterans.

*LI-LP1

Job: Operations/Skilled Crafts & Trades/Maintenance
Primary Location:US-TX-Houston
Job Posting Jul 29, 2020, 1:30:47 PM
Unposting Date Aug 8, 2020, 5:59:00 AM
