Role Summary:
This is a full time role. An exciting new role that is part of a newly expanded advisory team for the Corporate Audit Staff (CAS), GE’s internal audit function and premier leadership program. The Manager will have the unique opportunity to provide both technical guidance and engage in top priority audits and projects, and also coach and mentor emerging leaders. Questions before applying? Please contact Nancy.Anton@ge.com
Essential Responsibilities:
Partner with CAS Audit Manager on all accounting, audit and governance matters
Perform in-flight quality reviews of all aspects of financial audits (scoping, risk and control matrixes, controls and substantive testing, and audit reporting) to ensure audit execution and documentation complies with the standards of the Institute of Internal Auditors
Manage all reporting for EAM (audit issues, controls reporting, audit letters, and Audit Committee written communications)
Prepare and conduct training of current accounting, industry specific topics and audit methodology
Build an in-depth of expertise a GE business to support continuous interaction with business management



Qualifications/Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in Accounting or Finance from an accredited university or college.
5 Years Public Accounting experience or a minimum of 5 years of internal audit experience.
Must have CPA, CIA, or equivalent designation.

Desired Characteristics:
Demonstration of strong understanding of complex accounting topics, including ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers
Strong understanding of controls testing (test of design and test of effectiveness)
Strong oral and written communication skills.
Strong interpersonal and leadership skills.
Demonstrated ability to analyze and resolve problems with a sense of urgency
Demonstrated ability to lead programs / projects.
Ability to coach and mentor associate auditors
Ability to document, plan, market, and execute programs.
Established project management skills.

About Us:
GE (NYSE:GE) drives the world forward by tackling its biggest challenges. By combining world-class engineering with software and analytics, GE helps the world work more efficiently, reliably, and safely. GE people are global, diverse and dedicated, operating with the highest integrity and passion to fulfill GE’s mission and deliver for our customers. www.ge.com
At GE, developing people is embedded in our culture and integral
to our growth. Developing people is how we have succeeded across industries and around the world. It’s how we’ve
sustained a 130-year record of innovation and reputation for leadership. It’s how we solve the toughest challenges for
our customers and society. Developing people allows us the build, power, move and cure. It prepares us all for the
future. Today, that is as important as ever. Globalization and technology are converging with unprecedented speed
to reshape every job, workplace and industry. Our commitment to developing people starts with a belief that
education systems must align early and always with the changing requirements of the new economy. It continues
with the understanding that employers and educational institutions must collaborate over skills development,
enabling people to learn new, relevant skills and work smarter over the entire course of a career. And it creates
global leaders, people who can navigate the complexity of our times with clarity, courage and integrity. Developing
people is commitment that doesn’t just make us better; it makes everyone better. Let GE invest in helping you grow
both personally and professionally
GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, gender (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristics protected by law.
Additional Eligibility Qualifications:
GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable).
Additional Locations:
United States;Ohio;Evendale;
