Role Summary:
This position provides contract and compliance leadership and direction for Hydro North America project teams, driving consistent policies and processes in support of business and contract goals and objectives while at the same time working with its external customers and mitigating risk.


Essential Responsibilities:
The Contract Manager serves as the principal focal point for contract matters for projects primarily with US government customers but may also manage contracts with commercial clients and Canadian government customers.

The following responsibilities will be performed in support of the priorities of the business and project teams, in coordination with the Project Director:
Serve as Contracts Manager/Administrator responsible for the oversight and administration of government and commercial contracts based upon a thorough knowledge of contracting procedures, acquisition principles, regulations, and guidelines, including the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) and agency supplements.
Prepare the Contract Summary Analysis for issuance to the project team depicting the significant contract terms of the agreement and mandatory flowdown clauses for sourcing. Participate in the preparation of the contract strategy and in its implementation.
Support specific or general requests of the project director including the development of commercial opportunities, developing negotiation strategies, drafting customer correspondence, risk and opportunity management and any other activity necessary to support of the project team objectives.
Support project teams in the execution of their respective projects providing guidance and counsel in compliance with acquisition regulations and the law.- Review and evaluate customer requests for proposal and provides risk assessments and coordinates proposals
Responsible for post award modifications to agreements including all change related activities.
Prepare and disseminates information regarding contract status, compliance, modification, deviation, negotiation, and termination.
Monitor contractor performance for compliance with applicable laws, delivery schedules, payment provisions, contract data reporting requirements, and other contractual requirements.
Oversee and handle the appropriate steps for project surety issues (i.e., Payment/Performance Bonds, Letters of Credit and Parent Company Guarantees, etc.). Monitor project insurance requirements and timely submission of insurance certificates to the Customer.
Adhere to compliance requirements and maintains audit-ready files.
Building and maintaining effective working relationships with internal and external customers
Mentor, train and provide contractual guidance to junior contract managers, sourcing and internal customers.
Other responsibilities as assigned.


Qualifications/Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in business administration, finance, engineering, construction management or law.
Minimum of 10 years’ experience in US Government contract management, Expertise in U.S. Government (FAR) and commercial (non FAR-based) Contracting experience.

Desired Characteristics:
Expertise in contract conditions contained in construction and equipment supply contracts as it relates to the Defense & Power Industry.
Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively and strategically with functional and project counterparts to drive business results.
Proficient with Microsoft Office
Demonstrated knowledge of conflict resolution and negotiation.
Ability to research and analyze complex issues.
Able to work effectively and independently in a dynamic environment
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to work in a matrix environment
To stay connected with exciting news and the latest job opportunities from GE businesses, follow us on twitter: @gecareers

About Us:
GE Renewable Energy harnesses the earth’s most abundant resources – the strength of the wind, the heat of the sun and the force of water – to power the world’s biggest economies and the most remote communities.

With an innovative spirit and an entrepreneurial mindset, we engineer energy products and digital services that create industry-leading value for our customers around the world.


We see the promise of renewable energy everywhere we look. Our team has the courage, scale, passion, diversity and resourcefulness needed to deliver that promise wherever and however the world needs it.


Together with our customers, we’re proving that no one ever has to choose between affordable, reliable, or sustainable energy.


We are unleashing limitless energy.

GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, gender (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristics protected by law.

Additional Eligibility Qualifications:
GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable).
Additional Locations:
United States;Colorado;Greenwood Village;
