Role Summary:
LM Wind Power is currently seeking Production Technicians located at the Grand Forks, ND production facility.
Essential Responsibilities:
Cut and Trim Technicians:
These positions include both inside and outside the blade technicians. Outside technicians start by taking measurements and performing initial inspection of the blades. After that, they trim the outside seam of the blade using a pneumatic cut tool. Then they grind and blend the seam
smooth. Certified technicians also perform repair work. Then they cover the seam with layers of fiberglass. After that has cured, they perform one final scuff to the seam and clean. Inside technicians grind and scuff internal repairs. They then clean the area and apply fiberglass as needed to complete the process. This is a safety sensitive position in a heavy manufacturing environment.


Finishing Technicians:
This position first starts by preparing the blade surface for gelcoat. This is done by scuffing and cleaning the affected area. Then the operator applies the gelcoat. Once the gelcoat has cured, the operator properly sands the affected area. The blade is also inspected for quality and any touch ups are performed by repeating the steps above. The operators are also responsible for
continually cleaning and maintaining a safe working environment. This is a safety sensitive position in a heavy manufacturing environment.


Moulding Technicians
The primary purpose of this position is to create the 2 halves of the windmill blade. This will be completed by preparing the mould for gel coat process; Layup and smooth fiberglass layers according to work instructions; Prepare fiberglass for resin infusion. This is a safety sensitive position in a heavy manufacturing environment.


Mould Close Prep Technicians
The primary purpose of this position is to prepare the blade for the closing process. This will be completed by cleaning mould of debris; Sanding, scuffing and grinding where needed to prepare the mould surface for glue and to repair defects as needed; Fastening necessary parts to the
mould using a variety of hand and power tools; Trim/grind an excess glass on the side of the mould. This is a safety sensitive position in a heavy manufacturing environment.

Web Technician:
The primary purpose of this position is to build the web of the wind turbine blade. This is completed through preparing the moulding, laying fiberglass and preparing for resin infusion. This is a safety sensitive position in a heavy manufacturing environment
Qualifications/Requirements:
Minimum Qualifications:
• High School Diploma or GED or minimum of 1 year work experience required.
• Previous fiberglass experience helpful
• Ability to operate basic hand and power tools
• Ability to lift or carry objects or materials up to 40 lbs.
• Ability to read blueprints / work instructions / safety protocols
Desired Characteristics:
• English comprehension for effective work-related verbal and written communication.
• Candidates with previous construction, military, manufacturing, carpentry or auto body experience highly encouraged to apply.
About Us:
GE (NYSE:GE) drives the world forward by tackling its biggest challenges. By combining world-class engineering with software and analytics, GE helps the world work more efficiently, reliably, and safely. GE people are global, diverse and dedicated, operating with the highest integrity and passion to fulfill GE’s mission and deliver for our customers. www.ge.com
GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, gender (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristics protected by law.
Additional Eligibility Qualifications:
GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable).
Additional Locations:
United States;North Dakota;Grand Forks;
