Role Summary:
The Financial Management Program (FMP) equips early professionals with exceptional experiences, as it both begins and continues the acceleration of corporate finance careers. The FMP Intern will be aligned to one of our core finance teams and have an assignment in corporate finance, including Commercial Finance, Supply Chain Finance, and Financial Planning and Analysis.
Essential Responsibilities:
Complete
four, six-month rotations (2 years) at one of our GE businesses: GE Aviation,
GE Healthcare, GE Renewable Energy, GE Gas Power. (Possibility of a rotation
with other GE businesses)
Train in
GE’s core finance competencies to earn diverse on-the-job experiences:
Commercial Finance, Supply Chain Finance, and Financial Planning and Analysis
Collaborate
with and present to senior leaders who act as coaches and mentors throughout
the program.
Actively
uphold GE’s values by participating in our inclusive culture both inside the
company and in the communities we serve.
Willingness
to relocate for 6-month rotation. Locations based on GE business, each aligning
to US-based hub (including Schenectady, NY, Atlanta, G, Cincinnati, OH,
Chicago, IL) in addition to other potential locations (relocation assistance
provided).
After completion of the FMP program, FMPs will have the
opportunity to apply for GE's Corporate Audit Staff Program or a highly valued
finance role within one of the GE businesses.











Qualifications/Requirements:
Overall GPA greater than or equal to 3.0/4.0
GPA in major greater than 3.0/4.0
Must be willing to relocate
AN OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT SHOULD BE PROVIDED TO THE INTERVIEWER

Desired Characteristics:
Humble: respectful, receptive, agile, eager to learn
Transparent: shares critical information, speaks with
candor, contributes constructively
Focused: quick learner, strategically prioritizes work,
committed
Leadership ability: strong communicator, decision-maker,
collaborative
Problem solver: analytical-minded, challenges existing
processes, critical thinker
Preferred: Understanding of business concepts/strategy;
intern or co-op experience in finance; business/accounting or analytical
coursework; geographic mobility











About Us:
GE (NYSE:GE) rises to the challenge of building a world that works. For more than 125 years, GE has invented the future of industry, and today the company’s dedicated team, leading technology, and global reach and capabilities help the world work more efficiently, reliably, and safely. GE’s people are diverse and dedicated, operating with the highest level of integrity and focus to fulfill GE’s mission and deliver for its customers. www.ge.com

GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, gender (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristics protected by law.

GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, gender (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristics protected by law.
Additional Eligibility Qualifications:
GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable).
Additional Locations:
United States;Alabama, Alaska, American Samoa, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Guam, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Northern Mariana Islands, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Puerto Rico, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, United States Minor Outlying Islands, Utah, Vermont, Virgin Islands, U.S., Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin, Wyoming;Schenectady;
