Senior Corporate Counsel; Waltham, MA/Boston, MA

Business Summary
VMware accelerates digital transformation through a software-defined approach to business and IT. The trusted platform provider of choice for more than 500,000 customers globally, VMware is the pioneer in virtualization and an innovator in cloud and business mobility. A proven leader, VMware allows customers to run, manage, connect and secure applications across clouds and devices in a common operating environment.

Our team of 30,000+ people working in 50+ locations worldwide is committed to building a community where great people want to work long term by living our values of passion, innovation, execution, teamwork, active learning and giving back. If you are ready to accelerate, innovate and lead, join us as we challenge constraints and problem solve for tomorrow today.

Job Description

VMware is looking for a top-rate attorney to join its Commercial Legal Team. This position will be based in Boston, MA or Waltham, MA, and will support commercial activity for all of VMware’s business, with an initial emphasis on commercial support for VMware’s Security Business Unit (formerly Carbon Black).  This will primarily entail supporting a variety of customer and partner transactions, but may also include support for other business unit and company-wide legal needs. Our legal department is full of legal innovators who are energetic, smart and business-minded on the professional front, and genuinely good people on the personal front. We love to add attorneys who maintain the highest business and professional standards and who aren’t afraid to bring their true selves to work each day.

Core Responsibilities

Draft, review, and negotiate a broad range of commercial agreements, including SaaS/cloud services, software licensing, and professional services agreements.
Assist with legal department projects as assigned, including efforts to develop, implement and enhance processes that improve transaction velocity without material increases in risk.
Act as a fiduciary for the company, driving compliance in day-to-day sales activities, including providing training and counseling to sales professionals and coordinating with other groups within the VMware Legal Department on compliance matters.
Stay on top of changing regulations, laws, and industry standards and effectively work with a variety of business stakeholders to develop and implement practices that support innovation and growth while maintaining appropriate commercial risk.
Assist with other Security Business Unit and company-wide legal needs as directed.
Anything else that gets thrown your way as needed to support a dynamic, innovative company.
Required Skills:

12+ years of transactional commercial legal experience, supporting a dynamic global software, SaaS/cloud, or technology services provider.
Significant experience in SaaS and software transactions, preferably with a company of significant size and scale.
You are an excellent negotiator who knows how to keep complex legal negotiations simple and clear.
You “own” the transactions on which you work, and take personal responsibility for completing them, including driving all participants and functions to complete their required actions.
You can act and think independently, and apply sound judgement in all situations.
You are a practical and proactive problem solver who possesses strong business acumen and is confident and calm under fire.
You are able to prioritize and juggle multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment and get the right things done.
You have strong interpersonal skills.
JD from an accredited US law school.
Member of a State Bar and in good standing.
Preferred Skills:

Our team looks for individuals who embody our values of humility, compassion, collaboration above isolationism, respectfulness, integrity, and good-natured fun.



Category : Legal
Subcategory: Legal Counsel
Experience: Business Leadership
Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time
Posted Date: 2020-07-28

Legal: “Fearless legal innovators.” That’s the mantra of VMware’s Legal team. We’re dedicated to working out creative ways to mitigate legal risks while helping the company pursue its goals in the global marketplace. We focus on accelerating revenue growth; expanding VMware’s arsenal of patents; helping shape the global regulatory environment; driving customer success; and increasing operational efficiency. We also reach out to the community by donating hundreds of hours of pro bono support. Are you interesting in enriching your career by working on a diverse, award-winning team that goes beyond traditional corporate legal departments? Join our team, and you’ll help provide strategic solutions that impact the success of our business, our customers, and the community.

VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.
Job ID: R2009465
