Job Description

The Global Audit & Assurance (GA&A) Department, a member of the Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies, is currently recruiting for a Senior Finance Auditor. This position will be located in New Brunswick, NJ and travel will be required.



Caring for the world, one person at a time has inspired and united the people of Johnson & Johnson for over 130 years. We embrace research and science -- bringing innovative ideas, products and services to advance the health and well-being of people.



With $81.6 billion in 2018 sales, Johnson & Johnson is the world's most comprehensive and broadly-based manufacturer of health care products, as well as a provider of related services, for the consumer, pharmaceutical, and medical devices markets. There are more than 250 Johnson & Johnson operating companies employing over 125,000 people and with products touching the lives of over a billion people every day, throughout the world. If you have the talent and desire to touch the world, Johnson & Johnson has the career opportunities to help make it happen.



GA&A provides independent, objective assurance and advisory services to assist management in maintaining compliance with government and industry regulations, mitigate risk and achieve operational excellence. We believe everything we do is to provide guidance and insights, so that together we achieve with confidence.



The SFA will be responsible for executing the SoX 404 Audit Program for assigned J&J Companies as well as conducting risk-based audits at various J&J Affiliates as assigned. When not assigned to audits or as timing allows, the SFA will also be expected to participate and/or lead ancillary project teams to assist with departmental goals and objectives aimed at improving audit operations and customer service.



Key responsibilities include:

Perform audit planning considering the control risk, audit scope and objectives, and time parameters established.
Engage with Department and/or Company management responsible for the area under review to discuss the audit scope and coordination requirements.
Partner with the Audit Team Coordinator or lead the team in the preparation of the audit.
Conduct audits via interviews and paper trail investigations as required, including the completion of work papers and the summarization of findings and observation in accordance with Department standards and model audit program steps.
Review recommendations with the audit manager, team coordinator, and internal customers throughout the audit.
Participate in formal interim and final meetings to discuss and finalize findings and recommendations.
Other audit activities include reviewing previous audit reports and work papers, company files, technical research sources, financial reports and audit approaches to ensure a thorough familiarity with the audit areas assigned and determine the audit approach to be used.
Perform special projects, including technical research studies, development of internal control education materials, and facilitating formal training sessions for audit staff and internal clients.
Participate on specialized audits led by our Compliance Audit & Investigations (CA&I) Group when appropriate.


Qualifications
A minimum of a BA/BS degree is required in Accounting, Finance or other business discipline.
A minimum of 3 years of professional working experience in Accounting, Finance and/or Auditing is required.
Sarbanes Oxley experience is preferred.
CIA, CPA, CMA, CFA or CISA is preferred.
Fluency in multiple languages is preferred.
Must possess excellent analytical and technical skills (e.g. Accounting, Excel).
Must possess strong communication and interpersonal skills.
Must possess the ability to work well in a dynamic environment and be able to work independently and handle several tasks simultaneously.
Must possess the ability to effectively take on leadership roles in various functions.
This position requires travel up to 40% (may include domestic and international travel)
This position is based in New Brunswick, NJ.
Johnson & Johnson is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.



Primary Location
United States-New Jersey-New Brunswick-
Organization
Johnson & Johnson (6067)
Job Function
Finance
Requisition ID
9464200802
