Job Description

At Johnson & Johnson, we use technology and the power of teamwork to discover new ways to prevent and overcome the world’s the most significant healthcare challenges. Our Corporate, Consumer Health, Medical Devices, and Pharmaceutical teams leverage data, real-world insights, and creative minds to make life-changing healthcare products and medicines. We're disrupting outdated healthcare ecosystems and infusing them with transformative ideas to help people thrive throughout every stage of their lives. With a reach of more than a billion people every day, there’s no limit to the impact you can make here. Are you ready to reimagine healthcare?

Here, your career breakthroughs will change the future of health, in all the best ways. And you’ll change, too. You’ll be inspired, and you’ll inspire people across the world to change how they care for themselves and those they love. Amplify your impact. Join us!

We are recruiting for the Finance MBA Leadership Development Program (LDP) Intern. If selected, you will be responsible for leading project(s) that deal with strategic business initiatives. Assignments can be in a variety of areas such as sales and marketing, supply chain, research & development or corporate finance. Interns will be expected to demonstrate decision-making, project management and data analysis skills. The ability to work independently is required. Strong problem solving, organizational, communication and analytical skills are essential. Interns may participate in organized activities i.e. plant tours, local community service projects, networking with senior leaders and lunch & learn sessions to understand the company culture and career opportunities.

If you are interested in a career that will have a significant impact on the lives of individuals around the globe, please apply!


Qualifications
You must be a graduate student pursuing a full time MBA with an anticipated graduation date in 2022. Corporate finance concentration is preferred. A minimum of 5 years of full-time business experience is required. Leadership capabilities demonstrated through, previous employment, internship experiences and/or extracurricular activities is required. Must have permanent work authorization in the U.S. without requiring sponsorship now or in the future (no visa status).

Johnson & Johnson is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

#JNJMBA #JNJFinance #JNJInternship


Primary Location
United States-New Jersey-New Brunswick-
Organization
Johnson & Johnson (6067)
Job Function
General Administration
Requisition ID
6138200615
