One Company…Many Careers!

A Day In The Life Of A Life/Health Actuarial Analyst

Do you love analyzing data and applying your Actuarial Science skills to solve problems?  Our Life/Health & Investment Planning Services department is looking to add some Life/Health Actuarial Analysts to the team. The day to day can vary but in this role you can expect to apply your actuarial principles to develop and implement rates, develop financial models to provide information and comply with legal requirements as well as analyze data, develop proposals and respond to various actuarial information requests. At State Farm, we value continuing education and offer a very generous Exam Support program and Study policy to support continued pursuit of Actuarial Exams.

Competencies: Adaptability, communication, critical thinking, initiative, teamwork

Office Location: Bloomington, IL

All positions will be located in Bloomington, IL.  Bloomington is the location of State Farm's Corporate Headquarters and is 2 1/2 hours from Chicago, Indianapolis, and St. Louis.  Bloomington is a mid-size community; an average 15 minute rush hour commute is a welcome change for those who have fought rush hour traffic in the city.  The community is very active and is home to multiple universities including Illinois State University and Illinois Wesleyan University.

We Are Looking for Candidates who:

Majored in Actuarial Science, Mathematics or Statistics, and/or Computer Science
Have a minimum college GPA of 3.25, 3.50 is preferred
Have prior experience as an Actuarial Intern
Have passed at least 1 CAS/SOA Actuarial Exam
Experience with Microsoft Office Suite (Excel in particular) and with other programs (such as SAS, R, Python, C++, etc.)
What You Can Expect

Next Steps:  Competitive candidates may be invited to participate in the interview process, with selected candidates progressing through several rounds of interviewing.

What’s In It For You

Competitive Benefits, Pay and Bonus Potential.
401k Retirement Plan
Volunteer opportunities: Get involved and give back to the community.
Tuition Reimbursement: We support opportunities for you to learn and grow.
A Learning Culture: Mentoring, Professional Designations, Employee Development, and more!
Dress Code: We trust our employees to dress for their day.
We embrace Diversity and Inclusion!
Learn more about our benefits at State Farm Careers.
We are not just offering a job but a meaningful career! We’re here to help life go right®

Come join our passionate team!
