A Day In The Life Of An Intern – Actuarial P&C

State Farm’s P&C Actuarial Department is a place where interns complete innovative, meaningful research and project work in a collaborative environment focused on developing technical and business skills - a perfect complement to the classroom.   Interns provide analysis and solutions through:

Assessment of risk and financial needs for insurance products
Development of innovative methods and applications to enhance insurance product pricing
Data mining and predictive modeling such as regression, forecasting, and machine learning
Research on emerging industry trends and hot topics
We offer development through extensive training programs, mentoring programs, and leadership, opportunities as well as competitive compensation/benefits such as actuarial exam raises and flexible work arrangements.
Internship duration and Hours:

·         Summer 2021 - 5/17/2021-7/30/2021

·         Monday – Friday:  38.75 hours per week

 Office Location Bloomington, IL…where we work hard AND play hard!

About Bloomington, IL:

All positions will be located in Bloomington, IL.  Bloomington is the location of State Farm's Corporate Headquarters and is 2 1/2 hours from Chicago, Indianapolis, and St. Louis.  Bloomington is a mid-size community; an average 15-minute rush hour commute is a welcome change for those who have fought rush hour traffic in the city.  The community is very active and is home to multiple universities including Illinois State University and Illinois Wesleyan University.

We Are Looking for Candidates With

Actuarial Science, Math, Statistics, Data Science, Computer Science, Information Management or other analytics majors preferred
3.5 minimum GPA preferred, 3.25 minimum GPA required (unofficial transcripts required at application)
Experience with data and statistical analysis in Excel, SQL, SAS, R, or Python
Strong communication, interpersonal, organization, leadership and critical thinking skills
Successful completion of at least one actuarial exam
Candidates should submit their unofficial transcripts along with their application and resume
 What You Can Expect

Competitive candidates may be invited to participate in pre-employment testing and/or the interview process. This is where the excitement begins!

Get your unofficial transcript and resume ready and apply today!

 What’s In It For You

Competitive Pay: Who doesn’t want money, right?
Big data sets:  We’ve got them.
A Learning Culture
Dress Code: We trust our employees to dress for their day.  That's right, we trust you...
We embrace Diversity and Inclusion: We are one team and it is simply the right thing to do!


We are not just offering a job but a meaningful career! We’re here to help life go right®

Come join our passionate team!
