Description:
About us:

Target is an iconic brand, a Fortune 500 company and one of America’s leading retailers.

The Financial and Retail Services (FRS) organization is close to the action when it comes to communication—whether with guests or Target team members. From guest service professionals and product designers, to vendor managers and financial and workforce management analysts, FRS comprises several key and high-visibility areas that elevate and nurture Target’s distinctive reputation. We cultivate loyalty and satisfaction through exceptional service and support. And we foster a culture of responsive, knowledgeable and committed service—from the inside out—through enterprise services our people can count on.

Beyond our world-class service centers, there are many important challenges to be met in other FRS teams. Payments and Financial Operations strategically curate and enable payment acceptance for Target, working with internal and external partners to envision and advocate for the future, manage payment expense, proactively prevent fraud and manage the accounting and controls for FRS. FRS Operations and Product Team plays at the intersections of process and technology, and Service Center Shared Operations (SCSO) which develops comprehensive service delivery strategies for our service centers. FRS Product Design manages and grows loyalty, frequency and other marketing programs for all Payment Cards (REDcard, GiftCard). The Credit Strategy and Compliance team manages the credit card program and related interactions with our bank partner, and includes the Credit Strategy, Credit Risk Underwriting and Compliance functions.


As a Senior Manager, Consulting, you will be responsible for providing regulatory guidance to all FRS business areas concerning federal, state and local laws pertaining to the RedCard credit and debit card programs including but not limited to Reg Z, UDAAP, Reg. B, SCRA, MLA, Reg. E, FTC advertising standards, BSA/AML requirements, FDCPA and state debt collection laws, safety and soundness principles, FCRA, etc.) You will build a strong expertise of FRS processes and that coupled with your knowledge of consumer banking regulations will assist you in supporting your partners by using strong critical thinking skills and giving strong advice. You will use your excellent communication skills and abilities to provide feedback and guidance related to new RedCard initiatives, compliance monitoring, control building and remediations, when necessary. You will help to create a compliance program that meets the expectation of Target’s issuing bank and the federal regulators while minimizing litigation and reputation risk for Target. You will assist with regulatory audits and exams and be a key partner to Target’s onsite bank partner. In your work, you will keep Target leaders informed on significant matters arising within the regulatory space and act quickly to create controls.

Core responsibilities of this job are described within this job description. Job duties may change at any time due to business needs.

About you:

Four-year degree
5+ years of regulatory compliance experience required
Preference for experience in consumer banking regulations (such as Reg Z, UDAAP, Reg. B, SCRA, Reg. E, FTC advertising standards, BSA/AML requirements, FDCPA and state debt collection laws, safety and soundness principles, FCRA, etc.)
JD preferred
Proficiency with Microsoft Office
Exceptional critical thinking, partnership, and communication skills
Ability to work independently
Ability to work on many complex projects at once
Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)

Target will provide reasonable accommodations (such as a qualified sign language interpreter or other personal assistance) with the application process upon your request as required to comply with applicable laws. If you have a disability and require assistance in this application process, please visit your nearest Target store or Distribution Center or reach out to Guest Services at 1-800-440-0680 for additional information.
