Introduction
Software Developers at IBM are the backbone of our strategic initiatives to design, code, test, and provide industry-leading solutions that make the world run today - planes and trains take off on time, bank transactions complete in the blink of an eye and the world remains safe because of the work our software developers do.  Whether you are working on projects internally or for a client, software development is critical to the success of IBM and our clients worldwide.  At IBM, you will use the latest software development tools, techniques and approaches and work with leading minds in the industry to build solutions you can be proud of.


Your Role and Responsibilities
IIBM CIO is looking for talented individuals across the spectrum destined to join the existing Salesforce.com team to build out and support a world-class CRM. The convergence of data and technology is transforming organizations today, and the Salesforce.com CRM platform is a crucial tool for the business units to meet the demands of this transformation inside IBM CIO.

You will be part of a dynamic team of Salesforce.com professionals supporting the CRM Strategy and Solution delivery on the CIO Salesforce.com platform. As a Salesforce Developer, you will have the opportunity to work for an organization responsible for transforming and engineering robust data and analytics platforms across multiple products.

IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for these positions now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.

Your Role and Responsibilities include:
Work in a collaborative, welcoming environment where new ideas drive technological transformation.
Design, develop, test and implement solutions in a highly customized Salesforce.com CRM
Work in small, cross-functional teams with big goals, so you will need to be adaptive and a clear communicator
Strive to produce scalable solutions
Use design thinking methods to understand personas and develop great user experiences
Partner with other Salesforce.com teams across tribes and squads using modern collaboration tools in a highly responsive environment
Be adaptive to ambiguity and willing to change in a fast-paced environment
Comfortable with multi-tasking and working as part of a global team, as well as working independently and taking ownership of tasks
Work with business partners to document business processes and system requirements
Support and troubleshoot integrations between Salesforce.com and other Enterprise system

IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for these positions now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.
CIODEM20



Required Technical and Professional Expertise
5+ years solid Salesforce.com experience with demonstrated track record of success
Proven experience in designing custom, end-user solutions
Experience with Design Thinking and Test Automation methods
Acquired practical knowledge in agile methods
Ability to communicate effectively and professionally with internal and external clients
Must be capable of responding to a fast-paced environment and able to work multiple projects simultaneously
Salesforce Certified Developer



Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise
Effective at leading implementation and adoption of Sales and Support methodologies within the Salesforce CRM environment
Solid understanding of the implementation and adoption of Communities
High degree of CRM strategy skills
Experience with integrating CRM with business systems



About Business Unit
The Office of the Chief Information Officer (CIO) owns IBM’s IT strategy and provides the tools, workstations, devices, and infrastructure that IBMers use to do their jobs every day. Put simply, our mission is to create a productive environment for IBM's 365,000 worldwide employees. Join us as we lead with with design to drive simplicity and ease of use, engineering the systems that run the business, and innovating to transform the business.


Your Life @ IBM
What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.

Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.


About IBM
IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.


Location Statement
IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future.  Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.


Being You @ IBM
IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
