Introduction
As an IBM Accounting Lead, you will play a unique and integral role as a 'trusted business advisor' in support of various internal customers including Finance, Planning, Pricing, Operational teams, Business Development, Treasury, Client Financing etc. throughout globally integrated IBM.

In this role you will also provide comprehensive and meaningful information and accounting guidance to the various stakeholders noted above.


Your Role and Responsibilities
Accounting has the responsibility to accurately record the company's financial performance using US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, IBM accounting policies.

Professionals working in this area perform complex operational and technical accounting activities, such as external customer contract review, interpretation of concepts included in the accounting standards, review of new IBM product offerings to evaluate the accounting treatment and the financial impact, reporting and analysis of monthly/quarterly results with insight and understanding of the key business drivers.

In this role you will also provide comprehensive and meaningful information and accounting guidance to the various stakeholders.



Required Technical and Professional Expertise
Candidates should be a CPA and have a minimum of 3+ years (preferably more) of progressive accounting post-graduation experience.

Must be a self-starter with the ability to work independently and support senior executives on reporting and technical accounting matters in a timely fashion.

IBM is looking for people who have a passion for the information technology industry and are determined to achieve long term success at IBM.
Bachelor's or Master’s Degree in Accounting or Finance
Prefer experience at one of the Big Four accounting firms
Effective written and oral communication
Possess or strong interest to apply US GAAP accounting rules in a complex, SEC regulated, technology company
Demonstrate working knowledge of computer skills including the Office suite of products
Demonstrate professional written and oral communication skills
Fluent in English
US Citizen



Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise
None



About Business Unit
The IBM Finance organization is responsible for driving enterprise performance and transformation.  We are the financial stewards of IBM, delivering IBM’s financial strategy, developing new business models, and mitigating enterprise risk. Do you have a passion for creating business value? Join our team in accounting, financial planning, pricing, business controls, tax, treasury, business development (acquisitions & divestitures), and global financing.


Your Life @ IBM
What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.

Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.


About IBM
IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.


Location Statement
IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future.  Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.


Being You @ IBM
IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
