Introduction
At IBM, work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better, but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so, lets talk.


Your Role and Responsibilities
JOB DESCRIPTION

On-Call Administrative position supporting IBM's highly successful Co-Creation events and System Lab Services custom Client Workshops. If you are a self-driven individual that works well in a team environment, this may be the perfect job for you. You'd be responsible for:
all scheduling and billing for all virtual and on site events driven by the Rochester Client Experience Center and System Lab Services team, including room reservations, meals, distributing welcome packages, arranging security clearances and working with our International Standards teams for work Visa's and translators.
When remote briefings are being used, it entails added responsibility to ensure Client can access virtual sessions.
In addition, this role is responsible for generating recovery billing invoices to client teams and business partners, processing payments through credit card and ICA transactions and ordering supplies/equipment through IBM Procurement.
In preparation for client engagements, this position helps recruit Discussion Leader/SME's to satisfy agenda topics requested by the client.
On day of engagement, the Ops Administrator helps greet clients, ensure the facility or online meeting is prepared, and supports the client center engagement manager in delivering Exceptional Client Experiences.
Preference for role to be done is in Rochester, MN



Required Technical and Professional Expertise
Required skills for this role:
1 year experience facilitating multiple attendee events
Lotus Notes and Calendaring experience.
Excellent communication skills - in person and through e-mail/phone.
Candidate needs to be familiar with the planning and coordination of client briefing events and workshops working with food vendors, Security and other site facility teams to be sure tasks are completed on time and in order.
Able to learn and apply some technical skills involving video conferencing and making sure systems stay up to date
Able to learn and apply various billing and financial activities
Candidate should be detailed oriented, polite, timely and professional with passion for a positive client experience.



Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise
Preferred Skills for the role:
Prior IBM Administrative experience.



About Business Unit
IBM Systems helps IT leaders think differently about their infrastructure. IBM servers and storage are no longer inanimate - they can understand, reason, and learn so our clients can innovate while avoiding IT issues. Our systems power the world’s most important industries and our clients are the architects of the future. Join us to help build our leading-edge technology portfolio  designed for cognitive business and optimized for cloud computing.


Your Life @ IBM
What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.

Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.


About IBM
IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.


Location Statement
For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application.


Being You @ IBM
IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
