Job Description:

Raytheon Missile & Defense (RMD) division is seeking a Program Cost Schedule & Control Financial Analyst to join the Sensor Product Line (SPL) Finance team in support of key radar components supporting programs in C-Band and X-Band. Primary programs include U.S Army’s Lower Tier Air and Missile Defense Sensor (LTAMDS) and KSA Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) Army / Navy Transportable Radar Surveillance and Control-Series 2 (AN/TPY-2) Production.

The successful candidate for this role will employ their technical knowledge of finance and program control, problem solving, communication, and leadership skills. The candidate will work independently as well as partner cross-functionally across the product line and with Business Operations finance and the various Program Offices in a fast-paced environment while executing similar scope on multiple programs. The candidate’s primary responsibilities will be to contribute towards the success of multiple programs, coordinate best practices, leverage common reporting, and enable shared synergies. The SPL analyst will be financially responsible for various aspects of financial controls including:

Finance responsibility, oversight, and coordination of product level control accounts. Products include T/R Subsystems and DREX.
Quarterly Estimate at Complete (EAC) reviews, with compliance to SPL charging constructs, internal policy, and Sarbanes Oxley (SOX)
Monthly LRE updates
Monthly charging allocation guidance
Weekly cost and labor analysis including transfers as needed
Trend analysis for spend rates and EVMS metrics
Support Earned Value Management (EVM) reporting and process Budget Change Requests (BCRs) as needed
Manpower planning
Support proposal activities and pricing exercises



Required Skills:
4+ years of professional experience in a related role
Professional experience with Microsoft Office applications (Excel/PowerPoint/Access)
Excellent communication, organization, and analytical skills
Strong attention to detail, quality, and accuracy
Desired Skills:
Independent, motivated, and able to collaborate across the organization
Ability to work in a dynamic and challenging environment.
APEX/SAP/PRISM knowledge and experience
Experience with Earned Value Management Systems (EVMS), including program controls or Operations Finance
Understanding of Raytheon financial and accounting policies and procedures
Required Education (including Major):
A bachelor’s degree in accounting, finance, business administration or related field of study.


This position requires either a U.S. Person or a Non-U.S. Person who is eligible to obtain any required Export Authorization. 164260

Raytheon Technologies is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.
