Businesses Collins Aerospace
Job ID 01404601
Date posted 07/14/2020
City Danbury
State Connecticut
Country United States
Date Posted:

2020-07-13-07:00
Country:

United States of America
Location:

HCT04: ISR Systems - Danbury 100 Wooster Heights Rd, Danbury, CT, 06810 USA
Come join a company where what you do makes a difference.  For over 50 years, ISR & Space Systems in Danbury, CT has forged groundbreaking technologies that have pushed the limits of physics, engineered the impossible, and provided actionable intelligence to keep our Armed Forces and nation safe.  We are dedicated to helping you grow your career by using all your talents, insights and experiences in a welcoming team environment.  Bring your passion, commitment and curiosity and come grow with us as together we work to make our world a safer place.


Position overview

We have a fantastic opportunity for a CONTRACTS MANAGER in our Danbury, CT facility, just one hour north of NYC.  A $25,000 sign on bonus is offered for the candidate who is subsequently hired who already has an active U.S. Government security clearance at the Top Secret level with a current background investigation (SSBI or T5) at the time of hire.

Your array of responsibilities will include:

Perform full life-cycle Contract Management for large portfolio of high value contracts for the Government Services business unit.
Lead negotiations for all major contracts.
Administer NDAs, PIAs.
Direct interface with Government Contracting Officers, inside legal counsel.
Support audits and liaising with both internal/external customers.
Detailed knowledge of FAR/DFAR and DoD requirements
Extensive experience negotiating terms and conditions of the contracts agreements that will govern relationships (Prime and Sub)
Analyzing contracts received from the government and industry primes; identifying points of negotiation
Providing contract advice and working with various functional areas (i.e. Legal, Business Development, Program Management, Engineering, Finance, Supply Chain etc.) in support of proposals, agreements and other activities as required
Coordinating with government and industry counterparts to establish professional working relationships, which facilitate successful negotiations and exchange of information
Working with the International Trade Compliance (ITC) Department, and others, to ensure strict compliance with applicable Import/Export Laws as required
Education / Certifications

BS or BA in an applicable field (business, legal, etc.)

Experience/Qualifications

This job requires a US Government top secret security clearance.  You must be able to obtain and maintain such a clearance.

In addition, you must be fully conversant with all applicable government regulations including, but not limited to:

FAR
DFAR
DOE
NASA
And have a working knowledge of:  FFP/FPIF/ CPAF/CPIF/CPFF/T&M and hybrid contract types

Have demonstrated experience working both directly with the US government acquisition organizations as well as a supplier to the major aerospace prime contractors
Have a proficient knowledge of DPAS and Export Regulations
Be proficient in Microsoft Office products
Possess excellent verbal and written skills to communicate effectively with various functional groups at all levels, both internal and external
Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class.

Privacy Policy and Terms:

Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms
