Businesses Raytheon Intelligence & Space
Clearance type None / Not Required
Relocation eligible No
Job ID 163052BR
Date posted 06/26/2020
City El Segundo
State CA
Country United States

S3 Finance is seeking an administrative specialist to be part of a fast paced team. This role supports the S3 Finance director and his staff of 145 employees. The successful candidate will perform a wide variety of administrative tasks. Primary responsibilities include: maintaining the director’s and his leads’ calendars, scheduling/coordinating meetings, coordinating/making travel arrangements, completing and processing expense reports, and generating charts, tables, reports, presentations, correspondence and other materials, independently and with speed and accuracy. Other duties may include planning morale functions and performing HR transactions in HR database. May interface with internal /external customers ensuring all security procedures are followed. Will be handling details of confidential and critical nature as well as collecting and preparing information for use in discussions/meetings with customers, senior staff and outside vendors.

Required Skills:
At least 8 years Administrative Assistant experience, with excellent customer service skills and intermediate to advanced skills in using Microsoft Office suite, including Excel (pivot tables, formulas, etc.), email, calendar programs, other software database and productivity tools.
Ability to multitask effectively.
Able to work with minimal supervision and must have sound judgment.
Must be reliable organized, flexible and detail oriented.
Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Demonstrate a high standard of professionalism.
Desired Skills:
Proactive, self-motivated and very organized.
Exercise mature judgment, and be able to work well with associates and all levels of management.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Strong interpersonal and collaborative team building behaviors.
Must be accurate and thorough and work with minimal supervision.
Exceptional analytical skills.
Detail oriented.
Able to self-prioritize and work under pressure. Superior time management skills
Ability to prioritize work within a multi-tasking environment.
Must have good judgment and take initiative to get things done in a self-directing manner.
Ability to handle confidential employee-related information with appropriate discretion.
Handle visitor and badge requests for both plant and special access areas
Assist with on-boarding employees new to the organization
Experience in managing multiple calendars, scheduling and coordinating meetings, arranging travel, creating expense reports for staff and being able to compile and prepare data reports.
Ability to generate charts, tables, reports, correspondence and other material with speed and accuracy
Good working knowledge of Outlook email/calendar and world-wide-web usage

Required Education:
High School diploma or equivalent (G.E.D)
163052

Raytheon Technologies is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.
