Job ID 00000127593
Date posted 07/22/2020
Location New Orleans, Louisiana
Company The Boeing Company

Job Description
At Boeing, we are all innovators on a mission to connect, protect, explore and inspire.  Space and Launch (SLS) is no exception. Boeing and NASA are building the world’s largest rocket for human exploration of deep space, powering people and cargo beyond our moon and into deep space to enable diverse exploration, science and security missions.

The BDS Space Launch System financial operations team is seeking a highly motivated analyst to join our team working on the largest and most powerful rocket ever produced in the history of mankind.  In this role, you will have the opportunity to work with teams within the SLS Program and the Boeing Defense & Space (BDS) Finance organization. You will provide financial and cost management analysis, preparing information for briefings to all levels of Finance and Program Leadership for review and approval.

Responsibilities:

Develops, reviews, analyzes and maintains cost and/or schedule performance measurement baselines, including earned value, and variance analyses and communicates cost and/or schedule trends
Develops resource forecasts and/or Estimates at Completion (EACs) for Control Accounts, budgets, functions or pools, contracts or programs
Partners with other members of the Finance team, Industrial Engineering, Scheduling and Operations
Prepares monthly financial reporting, both internal and external
Compiles data from multiple sources and develops performance reports
Initiates variance analyses and provides understanding of operational and financial performance to management
Makes recommendations to management on financial performance projections using financial and business knowledge and experience
Provides daily and weekly cost reporting utilizing Earned Value Management
Participates in and supports Affordability initiatives and exercises
This position requires the ability to obtain a NASA Clearance, for which the US Government requires US Citizenship.

Basic Qualifications (Required Skills and Experience):

Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance, or a related field
2 or more years of experience with Earned Value Management (EVM)
2 or more years of experience of Estimates at Completion (EAC) experience
Experience with Financial processes and systems (CSPR, ReMICS, COGNOS, PMAS)
Proficient with the Microsoft Excel application using: formulas, VLookups, pivot tables, charts, filters, and linking worksheets
Willing and able to obtain a NASA clearance prior to starting
Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills and Experience):

Proactive self-starter
Experience functioning in a cross-functional environment
General understanding of Operations and the Manufacturing environment
Proven ability to handle competing priorities while providing level-headed decision making during unexpected events
Desire to understand the business (intellectual curiosity) and gain product knowledge
Typical Education/Experience:

Education/experience typically acquired through advanced education (e.g. Bachelor’s) and typically 3 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience (e.g. Master+1 year of related work experience, 7 years of related work experience, etc.).
This position offers relocation based on candidate eligibility.

Boeing is a Drug Free Workplace where post-offer applicants and employees are subject to testing for marijuana, cocaine, opioids, amphetamines, PCP, and alcohol when criteria is met as outlined in our policies.


Experience Level
Individual Contributor - 2

Job Type
Regular

Contingent Upon Program Award
No, this position is not contingent upon program award


Schedule
Full time


Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
