Job ID 00000204222
Date posted 08/06/2020
Location El Segundo, California; Los Angeles, California
Company The Boeing Company

Job Description
At Boeing, we are all innovators on a mission to connect, protect, explore and inspire. From the seabed to outer space, you’ll learn and grow, contributing to work that shapes the world. Find your future with us.
Boeing Government Security is currently seeking a Senior Industrial Security Specialist to join their team in El Segundo, CA. This role will perform as the Contractor Program Security Officer (CPSO) while being responsible for associated programs, ensuring standards within each program is in compliance with contractual requirements.

Position Responsibilities:

Executes Internal Security Controls through performance of compliance assessment reviews and self inspections to ensure compliance with government and company regulations/requirements.
Identifies deficiencies, develops and implements corrective action.
Communicates results to security management and customers.
Conducts Administrative Inquiries on personnel, processes and situations in accordance with established operating procedures to determine level and scope of non-compliance with government and company regulations/requirements.
Communicates results to security management and customers.
Conducts Communication Security (COMSEC) duties and responsibilities (including inventory, distribution and destruction), in compliance with government regulations/requirements.
Protects government, intellectual, third party and company information from unauthorized disclosures.
Develops, implements and administers an Operational Security program, security education, procedures and physical controls to ensure compliance with government and company regulations/requirements on large and/or complex programs.
Leads and performs Personnel Security team and/or processes to assist in obtaining individual security clearances/accesses for complex customer requirements.
Establishes and implements a security awareness training and education program to educate, refresh, and motivate personnel to protect people, property and information.
Performs Physical Security duties and responsibilities within Boeing facilities to ensure compliance with company and government regulations/requirements.
Performs Sub-Contractor Management to ensure compliance with government regulations/requirements.
Communicates results to security management and customers.
Participates, as requested, on enterprise Integrated Product Team (IPT).
This position requires an active Top Secret U.S. Security Clearance. (A U.S. Security Clearance that has been active in the past 24 months is considered active.)

Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience):

5+ years of experience in Industrial Security
5+ years of experience working with the National Industrial Security Procedures and Operations Manual (NISPOM), NISP and Special Access programs
Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience):

Bachelor's degree or higher
Typical Education/Experience:

Education/experience typically acquired through advanced education (e.g. Bachelor) and typically 10 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience (e.g. Master+8 years' related work experience, 14 years' related work experience, etc.)

Relocation:

This position does not offer relocation.  Candidates must live in the immediate area or relocate at their own expense.

Drug Free Workplace:

Boeing is a Drug Free Workplace where post offer applicants and employees are subject to testing for marijuana, cocaine, opioids, amphetamines, PCP, and alcohol when criteria is met as outlined in our policies.

Additional Information:

All information provided will be checked and may be verified.

Please apply as soon as possible for this role as recruitment may commence before the end date.


Experience Level
Individual Contributor - 4

Job Type
Regular

Contingent Upon Program Award
No, this position is not contingent upon program award


Schedule
Full time


Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
