Job ID 00000195207
Date posted 07/23/2020
Location Chantilly, Virginia
Company The Boeing Company

Job Description
At Boeing, we are all innovators on a mission to connect, protect, explore and inspire. From the seabed to outer space, you’ll learn and grow, contributing to work that shapes the world. Find your future with us.

The Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS) organization is seeking an Associate Mission Operations Controller/Planner (Systems Engineer Support Analyst Level 2) to join our Chantilly, Virginia team. You will be responsible for planning and scheduling activities performed for the operation of a complex real-time system. Candidates should have experience in de-confliction of system assets and resources for a 24x7 operational system. You will coordinate the schedule for an operational system and support re-planning for contingency and emergency operations.

This position is not a master scheduler or MS Project type of position. It is a certified operations position providing planning and scheduling functions utilizing custom software. This position works closely with the customer and requires a professional and customer focused attitude.

Position Responsibilities:

Ability to work a shift in a 24x7 Operations team environment to include working weekends and holidays
Troubleshoot and resolve problems following defined procedures
Escalate issues as required
Recognize and document system discrepancies
Identify and propose opportunities for system improvement
Coordinate, update and create necessary procedures & documentation
Collaborate with other teams and individuals
Willingness to complete positional and corporate training requirements
Certification required – Combination of self-led reading, observation, and on the job training provided, resulting in a passing evaluation from designated trainer, evaluator & operations manager
Adjust to changing priorities, multiple demands and crises
Demonstrate attention to detail
Participate in the development of engineering processes, methods and tools for use as a planner
Understand and support customer needs and priorities
This position requires an active Top Secret/SCI U.S. Security Clearance. (A U.S. Security Clearance that has been active in the past 24 months is considered active.)

Please include clearance and date on resume to be considered. This position is contingent on clearance verification and customer concurrence.



Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience):

24x7 operations and support process experience
Ability to complete a certification program. Specialized training provided (combination self-study and on-the-job (OTJ) training) in order to learn the necessary skills allowing them to obtain the necessary certifications required for this position.
Willingness to work a rotating shift to include weekends and holidays
Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience):

Experience managing customer relationships
Experience working in UNIX or LINUX and Windows environments
Typical Education/Experience:

Education/experience typically acquired through advanced technical education (e.g. Bachelor) and typically 2 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of technical education and experience (e.g. Master, 6 year's related work experience, etc.).

Relocation:

Relocation assistance is not a negotiable benefit for this position. Candidates must live in the immediate area or relocate at their own expense.

Drug Free Workplace:

Boeing is a Drug Free Workplace where post offer applicants and employees are subject to testing for marijuana, cocaine, opioids, amphetamines, PCP, and alcohol when criteria is met as outlined in our policies.


Experience Level
Individual Contributor - 2

Job Type
Regular

Contingent Upon Program Award
No, this position is not contingent upon program award


Schedule
Full time


Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
