At Freddie Mac, you will do important work to build a better housing finance system and you’ll be part of a team helping to make homeownership and rental housing more accessible and affordable across the nation.

Position Overview:
The Investments & Capital Markets Division at Freddie Mac is hiring! We are searching for a top-notch Financial Engineering Developer at the professional level who will bring her / his expertise and hands on experience (writing code and other developer activities) to the team. Ideally, you will have a proven technical background, an analytical approach, and be passionate about implementing quantitative models, providing technical expertise and continuously improving existing solutions. If this sounds exciting to you, read on!


Your Work Falls into These Three Primary Categories:


Teamwork

Work with finance business partners to collect and refine requirements
Development
Participate in software application design and coding
Testing
Perform testing of the software application
Qualifications:
At least 2 Years of end-to-end software development experience.
Experienced programming skills in Java 1.8 or higher and related application development stack
Master's degree in Computer Science or Engineering
Solid grasp and practical experience of the latest web technologies
Phenomenal teammate and individual contributor
Keys to Success
Initiate and share innovative ideas
Collaborate across teams, be accountable
Attention to details
Current Freddie Mac employees please apply through the internal career site.

Today, Freddie Mac makes home possible for one in four home borrowers and is one of the largest sources of financing for multifamily housing. Join our smart, creative and dedicated team and you’ll do important work for the housing finance system and make a difference in the lives of others.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We will ensure that individuals with differing abilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

Notice to External Search Firms: Freddie Mac partners with BountyJobs for contingency search business through outside firms. Resumes received outside the BountyJobs system will be considered unsolicited and Freddie Mac will not be obligated to pay a placement fee. If interested in learning more, please visit www.BountyJobs.com and register with our referral code: MAC.

Time-type:Full time
Job Category:Research & Modeling
FLSA Status:Exempt
