At Freddie Mac, you will do important work to build a better housing finance system and you’ll be part of a team helping to make homeownership and rental housing more accessible and affordable across the nation.

Position Overview:
Are you looking for an inclusive company culture to ease the transition from college into the workforce? The Finance Division within Freddie Mac is searching for curious and creative individuals to join our organization.

Our two-year rotational program will provide you with experiences and resources to set you up for a rewarding and successful career in accounting and finance! As part of the Finance Analyst Rotation Program cohort, you will receive support through mentorship and buddy programs, as well as group activities and events and learning opportunities with senior leadership. Apply now and learn why there’s #MoreAtFreddieMac!

Our Impact:
Finance is an internal support organization that is instrumental in helping Freddie Mac achieve strategic objectives critical to establishing itself as a marketplace leader.
We support our various divisions, by understanding their business needs and assisting them with the analysis and data needed to make the best decisions. As an analyst in the Finance Analyst Rotation Program, you will have the opportunity to experience our impact firsthand as you participate in a rotation from each of the following categories:
Financial Close Process
Management Reporting and Analytics
Specialized Finance and Partner Collaboration
Your Impact:
Support activities related to “closing the books” and producing accurate GAAP financial statements.
Develop your business understanding by reporting on and analyzing data.
Assist in preparing unbiased financial reports on business performance for internal management.
Gain an understanding of specialized areas of the Finance Division and related areas of the company.
Solve complex business problems and find viable solutions.
Build relationships and learn to connect with colleagues collaboratively.
Qualifications:
Minimum cumulative 3.2 GPA
Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance, Economics, Business Administration, or a related discipline
Availability to begin full time employment in our January or June 2021 cohort
Graduation no more than 18 months prior to start date
Availability for occasional work beyond core business hours or weekends as needed
Keys to Success in this Role:
Exceptional quantitative, analytical, and organizational skills
Previous accounting or finance related internships strongly preferred
Knowledge of GAAP, secondary mortgage markets, and fixed income/derivative and mortgage securities
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal
Strong Microsoft Office skills
Excellent interpersonal skills
Must be a team player and able to work collaboratively
Current Freddie Mac employees please apply through the internal career site.

Today, Freddie Mac makes home possible for one in four home borrowers and is one of the largest sources of financing for multifamily housing. Join our smart, creative and dedicated team and you’ll do important work for the housing finance system and make a difference in the lives of others.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We will ensure that individuals with differing abilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

Notice to External Search Firms: Freddie Mac partners with BountyJobs for contingency search business through outside firms. Resumes received outside the BountyJobs system will be considered unsolicited and Freddie Mac will not be obligated to pay a placement fee. If interested in learning more, please visit www.BountyJobs.com and register with our referral code: MAC.

Time-type:Full time
Job Category:College Hire Program
FLSA Status:Non-Exempt
