At Freddie Mac, you will do important work to build a better housing finance system and you’ll be part of a team helping to make homeownership and rental housing more accessible and affordable across the nation.

Position Overview:
Are you a highly motivated professional with a commercial real estate finance or Agency lending background? Do you enjoy critical thinking, problem solving, interacting and collaborating with personnel across departments and divisions? The Multifamily Real Estate Group of the Legal Division (Legal MFRE) is looking for an attorney to join its staff as Senior Counsel. Legal MFRE is responsible for providing legal support to the Multifamily Division, the leading financier of rental properties in the country. To learn more about the role and our excellent benefits, apply now and learn why there’s #MoreAtFreddieMac!

Our Impact:
We are looking for a new member to join our legal team to support our Legal MFRE work, which will include one or more of the following: Conventional and/or Targeted Affordable Housing loan production, underwriting and related activities; securitization due diligence; and asset management matters, including transactional matters relating to portfolio and securitized loans, surveillance, cash management and operations.

Your Impact:
Transactions:

Serve as legal counsel, independently and/or assisting or collaborating with other attorneys, for Freddie Mac’s purchase and/or servicing of multifamily loans. This may include negotiating contracts/commitments and loan documents; reviewing and analyzing legal issues in connection with loan purchases, servicing transactions and other multifamily asset management and operational matters; and/or due diligence of real estate matters in connection with securitization.

Initiatives/Policy/Lender Matters:

Legal support for non-transactional matters, including: initiatives, product improvements and development; loan documents and forms, Guide updates and credit policy; costing and pricing matters; lender approvals and other counterparty matters; multifamily research, marketing and communications.

Communication and Collaboration:

Collaborating with peers to ensure consistency of legal advice and negotiating positions.
Creating and maintaining effective relationships with business clients, with lenders from whom Freddie Mac buys multifamily mortgages and who service those mortgages, and with lawyers for those lenders.
Drafting well-structured, complete and concise correspondence, legal analyses and documents for internal and external purpose
Qualifications:
Juris Doctor (JD) degree
Membership in good standing in a state Bar
At least 3-7 years of legal experience in commercial and/or multifamily real estate finance transactions with a law firm or corporate law department, including responsibility for negotiating and closing real estate finance transactions
Strong legal analytical and writing skills
Knowledge of the customary legal relationships, legal issues, and closing practices required for commercial and/or multifamily real estate transactions
Familiarity with common commercial real estate lender-borrower issues and the ability to negotiate resolution of the same
Preferred: Experience with the Agency/secondary multifamily mortgage market
Keys to Success in this Role:
Outstanding oral and written communications skills
Ability to work comfortably and routinely as part of a team and to collaborate across organizational boundaries
Ability to organize and prioritize multiple pending time-sensitive matters
Ability to build and maintain strong collaborative relationships with colleagues, clients and customers
Current Freddie Mac employees please apply through the internal career site.

Today, Freddie Mac makes home possible for one in four home borrowers and is one of the largest sources of financing for multifamily housing. Join our smart, creative and dedicated team and you’ll do important work for the housing finance system and make a difference in the lives of others.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We will ensure that individuals with differing abilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

Notice to External Search Firms: Freddie Mac partners with BountyJobs for contingency search business through outside firms. Resumes received outside the BountyJobs system will be considered unsolicited and Freddie Mac will not be obligated to pay a placement fee. If interested in learning more, please visit www.BountyJobs.com and register with our referral code: MAC.

Time-type:Full time
Job Category:Legal
FLSA Status:Exempt
