At Freddie Mac, you will do important work to build a better housing finance system and you’ll be part of a team helping to make homeownership and rental housing more accessible and affordable across the nation.

Position Overview:
Are you looking for an inclusive company culture to help prepare you for a successful career? The Finance Division within Freddie Mac is searching for curious and creative individuals to support the division’s objectives, projects and initiatives.

Freddie Mac is a dynamic organization, providing interns a wide variety of experiences and responsibilities to build technical and soft skills, as well as their network. Interns at Freddie Mac have the opportunity to actively work on real-world projects which will provide them broad exposure to Freddie Mac’s important role in the mortgage industry, while developing skills that will apply directly to a career in finance or accounting!

Our Impact:
Finance is an internal support organization that is instrumental in helping Freddie Mac achieve strategic objectives critical to establishing itself as a marketplace leader.
We support our various divisions, through better understanding of their business needs and assisting them with the analysis and data needed to make the best decisions.
As an intern in the Finance Analyst Rotation Program, you will have the opportunity to experience our impact firsthand as you participation in a role in one of the following areas:
Financial Close Process
Management Reporting and Analytics
Specialized Finance and Partner Collaboration
Your Impact:
Assist with validation to ensure accurate financial disclosures
Support activities related to producing accurate GAAP financial statements
Prepare financial reports about business performance for internal management
Work collaboratively with internal and external partners representing various groups across the organization
Qualifications:
Minimum cumulative 3.2 GPA
Pursing a degree in Accounting, Finance, Economics, Business Administration, or a related field
Graduation date of December 2021 / May 2022
Availability to begin the internship in May 2021
Keys to Success in this Role:
Ability to learn new skills/concepts quickly
Any experience or background in Finance or Accounting
Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal
Problem solving ability
Strong Microsoft Office skills
Must be a great teammate and able to work collaboratively
Ability to work efficiently under tight timelines with a positive attitude
Current Freddie Mac employees please apply through the internal career site.

Today, Freddie Mac makes home possible for one in four home borrowers and is one of the largest sources of financing for multifamily housing. Join our smart, creative and dedicated team and you’ll do important work for the housing finance system and make a difference in the lives of others.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We will ensure that individuals with differing abilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

Notice to External Search Firms: Freddie Mac partners with BountyJobs for contingency search business through outside firms. Resumes received outside the BountyJobs system will be considered unsolicited and Freddie Mac will not be obligated to pay a placement fee. If interested in learning more, please visit www.BountyJobs.com and register with our referral code: MAC.

Time-type:Full time
Job Category:Intern / Temporary
FLSA Status:Non-Exempt
