Job Title      DWS Testing & Control Admin Asst
Closing Date      11/10/11   at 12:01 a.m. (after Midnight)
Job Type      Administrative     Region/District      0249


Job Summary      Testing & Control Administrative employee is completely dedicated to he calibration testing, replaced component acceptance testing, annual acceptance testing, opening service logs with TSG or the vendor, following up on open service logs, and cleaning the DWS equipment.

Job Description      7 primary activities required of this position: 1) Perform required daily calibration testing on all DWS units in the facility during hub down time. 2) Review calibration testing results and ensure all DWS units have passed testing before placing in to production. 3) Open service orders with TSG or vendor on any DWS units that failed the calibration testing. 4) Follow-up on all open/existing service orders. 5) Retest all DWS units after they have been repaired. 6) Perform required cleaning per the cleaning schedule (require conveyor securing and getting on unload devices). 7) Assist with annual acceptance testing.


Required Skills      Must be dependable and have good attendance. Able to work unsupervised and hold self and self and employees accountable. Ability to document accurately and legibly. Must have knowledge of how to use a computer. Flexible work schedule is required.


Additional Skills      Knowledge of Word, Excel and Outlook.


Interpersonal Skills       Self-starter, highly motivated individual who uses time effectively and able to prioritize work appropriately.


Work Environment       Enivironment will be a combination of office work and a hub environment. The hub environment can be dusty and range in temperatures as the seasons change.


Grade      4      Full Time      (Y/N) N
Hours       8:30am - 1:30pm      Days      M - F
Flex Time     (Y/N) N        Rotating shifts      (Y/N) N   (If yes, see comments below.)
Commitment      1 Year
Job Freezes     (Y/N) N        Travel      (Y/N) N   (If yes, see comments below.)
Location      Centennial Hub, 8100 Commerce Dr. Louisville, KY
Department      Revenue Recovery
Manager      Bill Nartker      Supervisor      Brain Campman
Skills Assessment Requirements      None

Additional Notes
None


UPS is an equal opportunity employer. UPS does not discriminate on the basis of race/color/religion/sex/national origin/veteran/disability/age/sexual orientation/gender identity or any other characteristic protected by law
