Purpose Of Role:
The Accountant will be responsible for conducting the post audit function, which includes analysis of vendor funds, pricing and allowances, development and maintenance of claim concepts and documentation, as well as working with each of our post audit firms. This role will also provide support with but not limited to our Marketing Team to track Vendor Funded expenses, Brand Advocates, Vendor correspondence, and Vendor support research.

Responsibility Statements:

Conduct Vendor Funding audits throughout the year to recovery missed funds.
Complete Account Reconciliations that pertain to our team.
Assist with the vendor correspondence and inquiries.
Work with our Third-Party Auditors and review potential claims.
Maintain our current Marketing Direct/Non-Direct Offset tracking and reporting.
Be prepared to take on ad-hoc reporting requests.

REQUIRED EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:

Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Finance, Economics, Accounting or a related field OR Master’s Degree in Accounting
Intermediate skills in MS office programs (Excel, Word, Access)
Demonstrated understanding of basic GAAP concepts and financial controls (to apply this knowledge to the design and execution of activities within the respective area)

PREFERRED EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:

2+ years’ Finance or Accounting experience

About Lowe’s:
Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) is a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company serving approximately 18 million customers a week in the United States and Canada. With fiscal year 2019 sales of $72.1 billion, Lowe’s and its related businesses operate or service more than 2,200 home improvement and hardware stores and employ approximately 300,000 associates. Based in Mooresville, N.C., Lowe’s supports its hometown Charlotte region and all communities it serves through programs focused on creating safe, affordable housing and helping to develop the next generation of skilled trade experts. For more information, visit Lowes.com.


About Lowe’s In The Community:
As a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company, Lowe’s is committed to creating safe, affordable housing and helping to develop the next generation of skilled trade experts through nonprofit partnerships. Across every community we serve, Lowe’s associates donate their time and expertise through the Lowe’s Heroes volunteer program. For the latest news, visit Newsroom.Lowes.com or follow @LowesMedia on Twitter.

#LI-81LJOH

Lowe’s is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.
