Purpose of Role:

The primary purpose of the Director of Customer Insights—Trends, Share and Research Innovation role is to bring disproportional growth to Lowe’s by building and leveraging critical capabilities within the Customer Insights pillar. Specifically, this role will deliver foresight into the emerging customer, retail, and societal trends and will impact the future of the Home Improvement space. This foresight will directly impact Enterprise strategy and efforts across Marketing, Store Operations, Merchandising, Supply Chain, etc. and will be leveraged, in partnership with existing insight and reporting capabilities, to derive meaningful and valuable insights into consumer behaviors. Furthermore, this role is responsible for building out a best-in-class share program that will enable merchants, marketers, and operators the insight as to which retailers are winning in the HI space. Finally, the director in this role will own the Insights innovation program, bringing in best-in-class learning methodologies that will bring new types of insights to the forefront of Lowe’s, impacting the whole of the Enterprise.

This director will lead a multi-national team in the US and India to deliver against the objectives listed above. The director will report into the Sr. Director of Customer Strategy.

This role will be responsible for:

Standing up a trends team for Lowe’s including:

Scan the landscape for trends and turn scanning into themes and stories that will drive business planning including new enterprise initiatives and marketing activities for the next quarter, next 1 year, and next 5 years out.
Generate monthly customer perspectives that capture customer mindsets and future scenarios, guiding the state of the customer for executives.
Build out the library of trend sources needed by Lowe’s and recommend a new “library” for Lowe’s moving forward.
Develop a trend framework that will become the guideposts for which we flow trends through the organization, including a vision for executive immersion. Recommend partnership with other entities in Lowe’s for merging trends with additional marketplace understanding.
Standing up a share data program for Lowe’s including:

Assess current landscape of internal and external tools and recommend a partnership structure that will enable access to share data across Lowe’s largest categories.
Develop a reporting framework to enable activation of these new sources on a regular cadence.
Partner with merchants and the Lowes.com team to deliver against strategic analyses, leveraging these robust data sets.
Re-inventing the Insight innovation program for Lowe’s including:

Assess current landscape of internal methodologies and skills and identify gaps, creating recommendation as to where innovation needs to happen both in skill sets and methodologies.
Align leadership to innovation plan and investment.
Build innovation map and work with external and internal parties to determine the solutions for delivering against the map (e.g. buy/build/partner).
Train broad organization of Insights team to understand and utilize these new tools and skill sets
Partnering with senior leaders across the building, especially in Marketing, Strategy and Merchandising to ensure insights and foresights drive action across Lowe’s, leading to growth in key pillars.
Coaching and grow their team.
Serving as external face of Lowe’s customer knowledge at key conferences and recruiting events.
REQUIRED EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
• Bachelor's Degree in Business, Finance, Statistics, Econometrics, Information Sciences, Applied Quantitative, or related field
• 12+ years of experience in market research field
• 10+ years’ experience of leading teams and proven business impact
• Demonstrated business leadership and experience in managing 10+ person research teams
• Experience working with analytic software (e.g., SPSS, Wincross, etc.)


PREFERRED EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
• Master’s Degree in related field
• Experience applying behavioral science/shopper psychology to research questions
• Experience working in a retail environment
• Experience managing global team

About Lowe’s:
Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) is a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company serving approximately 18 million customers a week in the United States and Canada. With fiscal year 2019 sales of $72.1 billion, Lowe’s and its related businesses operate or service more than 2,200 home improvement and hardware stores and employ approximately 300,000 associates. Based in Mooresville, N.C., Lowe’s supports its hometown Charlotte region and all communities it serves through programs focused on creating safe, affordable housing and helping to develop the next generation of skilled trade experts. For more information, visit Lowes.com.

About Lowe’s in the Community:
As a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company, Lowe’s is committed to creating safe, affordable housing and helping to develop the next generation of skilled trade experts through nonprofit partnerships. Across every community we serve, Lowe’s associates donate their time and expertise through the Lowe’s Heroes volunteer program.

For the latest news, visit Newsroom.Lowes.com or follow @LowesMedia on Twitter.

Lowe’s is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.
