Job Description
Intel Finance prides itself on creating an environment where you are challenged to become the most well rounded, effective finance professional you can be. When you join Intel Finance, you can expect to support both brilliant technologists and top finance leaders who are working to change the world by creating leading edge technology. You will have the support of a manager, team of peers, and senior leaders dedicated to your success, who will help you build deep industry, business group and financial acumen. Whether your career plans call for a path to people management, building deep technical financial expertise, or pursuing an advanced degree or professional certification, Intel Finance can provide you with the tools and resources to make your professional goals a reality.As a Financial Analyst, you will be tasked with evaluating and analyzing financial information and business trends to develop reconciliations, variance explanations, risk assessments, and business solutions. You will provide financial advice, counseling, and recommendations that will significantly influence the decision-making process and direction of business leaders; including project leads, managers, operational business groups and factory managers.Financial analysts work independently and as part of a team to develop financial budgets, plans, and forecasts to further the development and achievement of business objectives. Analysts both evaluate cost and return on financial and investment decisions and assess accounting and reporting processes to best recommend solutions to ensure the integrity of external and internal reporting. Inadequacies in performance and erroneous decisions can lead to inefficient use of resources and loss of business. Financial Analysts are also required to consistently utilize and apply financial, accounting, business and risk management strategies and concepts.The Finance Business Analyst role requires Bachelor's Degree in Finance, Accounting, or Economics with significant study in Finance or related field. Practical experience through coursework or internship is strongly preferred.

Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications: Bachelors with an emphasis in Finance, Economics or Accounting. This U.S. position is open to U.S. Workers Only. A U.S. Worker is someone who is either a U.S. Citizen, U.S. National, U.S. Lawful Permanent Resident, or a person granted Refugee or Asylum status by the U.S. Government. Intel will not sponsor a foreign national for this position. Preferred Qualifications: Be able to communicate effectively Have strong analytical skills Business partnering or stakeholder management skills Be able to deal with ambiguity Be able to work independently Be able to communicate in a concise manner Be able to drive finance recommendations with people at different organizational levels and across business units.

Inside this Business Group
As members of the Finance team, employees act as full partners in making and supporting business decisions that are aimed at maximizing shareholder value. Intel Finance has a strong focus on facilitating change and improvement both within finance and in the operations supported.



Other Locations

US, Arizona, Phoenix;US, California, Folsom;US, California, Santa Clara;US, New Mexico, Albuquerque



Posting Statement

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance....



Position of Trust

This role is a Position of Trust. Should you accept this position, you must consent to and pass an extended Background Investigation, which includes (subject to country law), extended education, SEC sanctions, and additional criminal and civil checks. For internals, this investigation may or may not be completed prior to starting the position. For additional questions, please contact your Recruiter....
