Contract Manager
Job Description
The Contract Manager will be responsible for but not limited to:

Oversees the negotiating, structuring, and management of contractual documents that establish business relationships with vendors, customers and/or partners.
Reviews and approves documents for protection of the company's contractual posture and adherence to company policy. Advises management of contractual rights and obligations and provides interpretation of terms and conditions.
Selects, develops, and evaluates personnel to ensure the efficient operation of the business.
The ideal candidate should exhibit the following behavioral traits:

Excellent communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills.
Prior coursework or experience in contract drafting and negotiation.
Contract formation, preparation, negotiation, review, and drafting skills.
Ability to identify key risk areas in a contract.
Experience working with confidential documents and under confidentiality obligations.
Communicates in a professional and timely manner.
Solid team building skills and stakeholder management.
Responsive to peers and all levels of management.

Qualifications


You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position.  Qualifications listed as preferred or additional will be considered a plus factor for applicants.

Minimum Qualifications:

Must have a Juris Doctor.
This U.S. position is open to U.S. Workers Only. A U.S. Worker is someone who is either a U.S. Citizen, U.S. National, U.S. Lawful Permanent Resident, or a person granted Refugee or Asylum status by the U.S. Government. Intel will not sponsor a foreign national for this position.

Preferred Qualifications:

1+ years of work experienced in legal.
Knowledge of intellectual property law, the Uniform Commercial Code, and CISG.
Proficient in Microsoft Office products including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint



Inside this Business Group
As the world's largest chip manufacturer, Intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state-of-the-art -- from semiconductor process development and manufacturing, through yield improvement to packaging, final test and optimization, and world class Supply Chain and facilities support. Employees in the Technology and Manufacturing Group are part of a worldwide network of design, development, manufacturing, and assembly/test facilities, all focused on utilizing the power of Moore’s Law to bring smart, connected devices to every person on Earth



Other Locations

US, California, Folsom;US, California, Santa Clara;US, Oregon, Hillsboro



Posting Statement

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance....



Position of Trust

This role is a Position of Trust. Should you accept this position, you must consent to and pass an extended Background Investigation, which includes (subject to country law), extended education, SEC sanctions, and additional criminal and civil checks. For internals, this investigation may or may not be completed prior to starting the position. For additional questions, please contact your Recruiter....
