Job Description
Join Intel-and build a better tomorrow. Intel is in the midst of an exciting transformation, with a vision to create and extend computing technology to connect and enrich the lives of every person on Earth. So join us-and help us create the next generation of technologies that will shape the future for decades to come.

Corporate Services (CS) touches the lives of every Intel employee every day. CS creates an environment where employees can prosper while creating the innovative technologies that make amazing possible. Our scope is vast and includes operating and maintaining all Intel sites, offices, labs and factories globally as well as onsite services and onsite services and experiences that help employees stay safe and productive.

CS also helps to make Intel and our community a greener place by supporting Intel's commitment to environmental sustainability, including investing in conservation projects, setting company-wide environmental targets and driving reductions in greenhouse emissions, energy use, water use and waste generation.



Responsibilities will include but are not limited to:

Performing repairs and preventative maintenance on a wide variety of building and facility equipment, fixtures and systems.
Installing, troubleshooting, repairing and maintaining a wide variety of facility plumbing, mechanical, electrical, heating and cooling systems.
Conducting preventative maintenance inspections and performs required preventative maintenance duties.
Assignments are semi-routine in nature with work performed within generally defined parameters. Some degree of judgement required in resolving non-standard problems.
Complete full scope of operations in running and maintaining facilities systems with a focus on mechanical systems (working knowledge of boilers, chillers, and or exhaust and HVAC equipment a must) and be able to work across various facilities disciplines.
Duties include but not limited preventative and corrective maintenance activities while being able support factory tool install, de-install and construction activities. The successful candidate will be required to work a compressed work week schedule.
The successful candidate should exhibit the following behavioral traits:

Role model safety as a value and adhere to stringent environmental compliance culture.
Written and verbal communication skills required, strong organization and time management skills.
Excel as an individual contributor and part of a team and work effectively across multiple facilities operations disciplines.
What we offer:

We give you opportunities to transform technology and create a better future, by delivering products that touch the lives of every person on earth.
As a global leader in innovation and new technology, we foster a collaborative, supportive, and exciting environment-where the brightest minds in the world come together to achieve exceptional results.
We offer a competitive salary and financial benefits such as bonuses, life and disability insurance, opportunities to buy Intel stock at a discounted rate, and Intel stock awards (eligibility at the discretion of Intel Corporation).
We provide benefits that promote a healthy, enjoyable life: excellent medical plans, wellness programs and amenities, flexible work hours, time off, recreational activities, discounts on various products and services, and many more creative perks that make Intel a Great Place to Work!
We're constantly working on making a more connected and intelligent future, and we need your help. Change tomorrow. Start today.

Qualifications


 This is an entry level position and will be compensated accordingly. You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience would be obtained through a combination of prior education level classes, and current level school classes, projects, research and relevant previous job and/or internship experience.

Minimum Qualifications:

This U.S. position is open to U.S. Workers Only. A U.S. Worker is someone who is either a U.S. Citizen, U.S. National, U.S. Lawful Permanent Resident, or a person granted Refugee or Asylum status by the U.S. Government. Intel will not sponsor a foreign national for this position.
Must be willing to work in a clean room environment, wearing coveralls, hoods, booties, safety glasses and gloves.
Must be willing to lift up to 30 lbs, pull 250lbs at least once a day and spend the majority of time (greater than 90% less break time) on the floor working on tool sets, walking 3-5 miles a day, and/or standing/sitting for 9 hours.
Candidate must be willing to work a compressed work week schedule ' Shift is twelve hours long and rotates from three to four days a week.
The candidate must possess at least one of the following educational or experience requirements:
Associate of Arts or Associate of Science degree in Mechanical Technology or related field with 3+ years of experience
Certification in any STEM or any other technical field of study.
Military Experience considered in lieu of degree.
Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with industrial mechanical systems operations and/or vibration analysis a plus.
Role modeling safety behaviors and influencing team members.
Proficiency in Maximo and CDOCS, ILM a plus.
Inside this Business Group
As the world's largest chip manufacturer, Intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state-of-the-art -- from semiconductor process development and manufacturing, through yield improvement to packaging, final test and optimization, and world class Supply Chain and facilities support. Employees in the Technology and Manufacturing Group are part of a worldwide network of design, development, manufacturing, and assembly/test facilities, all focused on utilizing the power of Moore’s Law to bring smart, connected devices to every person on Earth



Posting Statement

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance....
