Supply Chain Engineer - Graduate
Job Description
As a member of the Global Supply Chain (GSC) organization, you will be a full business partner vested in making the GSC Vision and Mission a reality. You will be working with Internal Technology Development partners and the Virtual Factory manufacturing customers to develop, validate and deploy continuous improvement projects (CIP) and/or new product introduction (NPI) solutions.

The Supply Chain Engineer will be responsible for but not limited to:

Work with external suppliers to define requirements and hold suppliers accountable for their manufacturing process flow to meet quality, reliability, cost, yield and manufacturing requirements.
A successful candidate responsibilities may include: Developing/leading engineering solutions to meet or exceed quality, reliability, availability, yield and productivity goals. Design for Cost by negotiating with suppliers and identifying innovative solutions. Establishing process for Sustaining Operations Leading User's Group and Development Working Groups between Supplier and Customer to develop project solutions.
Developing, maintaining and updating road maps of continuous improvement projects and/or new product introduction solutions with Suppliers, Customers and Technology Development. A successful candidate will demonstrate: Problem solving skills, analytical skills, ability to work in a dynamic, results and team oriented environment.
The ideal candidate should exhibit the following behavioral traits:

Strong written and verbal communication skills
Experience creating presentations that are accurate, articulate and succinct.
Influence, strategic thinking and leadership skills.
Understand and streamline technical and business processes.
Comfortable with high levels of ambiguity and a strong vision of future technology trends as they relate to semiconductor technologies.
We have positions available near Portland, Oregon, and Phoenix, Arizona and limited positions in Folsom/ Santa Clara, California.

This is an entry level position and compensation will be given accordingly.


Qualifications


You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Relevant experience can be obtained through school work, classes and project work, internships, military training, and/or work experience.

Minimum Qualifications

Master degree in Mechanical, Electrical, Industrial, Computer Science or Materials Engineering or related field of study.
This U.S. position is open to U.S. Workers Only. A U.S. Worker is someone who is either a U.S. Citizen, U.S. National, U.S. Lawful Permanent Resident, or a person granted Refugee or Asylum status by the U.S. Government. Intel will not sponsor a foreign national for this position.

Preferred Qualifications

Basic Knowledge of Design of Experiments, Statistics, Test Process Flow will be considered as a plus.
Familiar with Equipment Development and supplier negotiations.
Understanding of Software Life Cycle, Test Software Validation, Test Programs, Prior Tooling/Module/Product/Equipment/Materials.
Development or experience would be an added advantage on Basics of SEMI standards.
Direct Supply Chain experience is a plus.
Experience working across geographies is a plus
Inside this Business Group
As the world's largest chip manufacturer, Intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state-of-the-art -- from semiconductor process development and manufacturing, through yield improvement to packaging, final test and optimization, and world class Supply Chain and facilities support. Employees in the Technology and Manufacturing Group are part of a worldwide network of design, development, manufacturing, and assembly/test facilities, all focused on utilizing the power of Moore’s Law to bring smart, connected devices to every person on Earth



Other Locations

US, California, Folsom;US, California, Santa Clara;US, Oregon, Hillsboro



Posting Statement

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance....
