Facebook is seeking an experienced Executive Assistant to support three Directors within the Messenger Team. The person in this role will need to be a masterful problem-solver and an organizational force given complex calendaring and heavy travel planning. Additionally, the ideal candidate will have exceptional communication skills, and will be resourceful in building relationships across the larger Facebook ecosystem. This position is full-time.
Executive Assistant, AR/VR Responsibilities
Coordinate internal and external meetings for multiple executives
Manage hectic and complex calendars
Prepare expense reports and purchase requisitions
Coordinate both domestic and international travel arrangements
Organize space planning and large offsite events
General office duties as needed
Build cross-functional relationships between departments
Minimum Qualifications
4+ years of experience providing administrative support to 1 or more executives
4+ years of experience coordinating travel logistics on behalf of 1 or more executives
4+ years of calendar management and expense report management experience for 1 or more executives
Experience prioritizing multiple projects
Experience with Microsoft Office and Google Suite
Preferred Qualifications
BA/BS
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.
Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
