Company: FedEx Services
Job Title: Software Developer II
Job Requisition Number: RC267829
Category: Information Technology
Locations:
Coraopolis, Pennsylvania 15108
United States

Application Deadline / Criteria:
To be considered for this opening, upload current copy of Resume to include beginning and ending dates for each employer/position and answer job screening questionnaire by close of business (5:00 PM CST) on August 12, 2020

Job Summary:

Under limited supervision, ensures application of systems thinking principles, allowing team members to independently design, code, test, and deploy software. Provide the necessary documentation to support the Software Development Life Cycle. Develop prototypes and solutions leveraging a diverse range of technology. Apply modern principles, methodologies, tools, and systemic processes to support the launch of new business capabilities.

Job Specific Information:
Understand Agile software development practices
Languages: Java, Angular (Typescript, HTML, CSS), Groovy, SSH
Testing/Other Tools: ReadyAPI, JMeter, SOAP UI, Postman, SQL Developer, Git Bash
Testing Frameworks: JUnit/Mockito, Cucumber, Karma/Jasmine, Protractor
Build/Integration/Deployment Tools: Gradle, GitLab, Jenkins
Platforms: Oracle, Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF)
Application Lifecycle Management Tools: VersionOne
Other technologies: Spring Boot, Spring Cloud (Eureka, Hystrix), SpringMVC, REST, Hibernate, Tibco JMS, Redis, GCP, Kubernetes

Domicile:
Coraopolis, PA ( a Suburb of Pittsburgh)
The ability to work remotely within the United States may be available based on business needs.

Relocation:
Relocation assistance may be provided based on business needs.

Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree /or equivalent formal training, certifications, or work experience in coding. Two (2) years equivalent work experience or engineering environment. A related advanced degree may offset the related experience requirements.

Want a career where you are empowered to make a difference? Want to work for a company that is environmentally responsible? Want to grow and develop on the job? If so, FedEx is the place for you! Every day FedEx delivers for its customers with transportation and business solutions. FedEx serves more than 220 countries and territories around the globe. We can serve this global network due to our outstanding team of FedEx employees. FedEx has over 400,000 talented employees who are tasked with making every FedEx experience outstanding. FedEx has been recognized on many different lists both for business success and for being a great employer.

Here are some of the recognitions FedEx has received from the past couple of years:

Fortune "World’s Most Admired Companies" – 2019
Forbes "Best Employers for Diversity" - 2019
Reputation Institute "World’s Most Reputable Companies" – 2019
National Business Inclusion Consortium "Best-of-the-Best Corporations for Inclusion" - 2019
Women’s Business Enterprise National Council "America’s Top Corporations for Women’s Business Enterprises" - 2018
Corporate Responsibility Magazine "100 Best Corporate Citizens" – 2018
Black Enterprise "50 Best Companies For Diversity" – 2018
When 400,000 employees around the globe are all working together it is amazing what we can achieve! FedEx connects people and ideas. If you would like to make a difference on a global scale while receiving top notch benefits, competitive pay, and plenty of opportunities to develop, click ‘Apply’ and tell us more about yourself.

EEO Statement - FedEx is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer (minorities/females/disability/veterans) that is committed to diversifying its workforce.
