Company: FedEx Logistics
Job Title: Manager US Brokerage
Job Requisition Number: RC267356
Time Type: Full Time
Job Type: Regular
Primary Job Posting Location:
3600 East University Drive
Phoenix, Arizona 85034
United States

Posting Date: 2020-07-30
Job Posting End Date: 2020-08-31

To plan, organize and control the input, movement, processes/sort, and output of the operations to ensure a high level of service. Provides leadership and direction promoting the people-service-profit philosophy as well as encouraging the growth and development of team members. Manages all other necessary activities, which provide optimum service to customers.


Responsible for the effective management of all direct expenses related to the positions area of  control
Ensure service quality as define by established KPIs and SQIs for area of responsibility
Responsible for one or multiple locations
Responsible for selecting, training, motivating, and developing a staff consisting of 1-50 direct reports.
Responsible for a revenue and payroll budget according to divisional needs. Implements effective business tactics and strategies to ensure the operations produce quality services to customers
Ensures cost effectiveness of operations through established control of equipment, utilities, supplies, overtime hours, and a timely quality output to avoid monetary penalties and/or customer dissatisfaction
Maintains contact with customers (internal and external) with regard to conditions affecting the service level of area served
Provides support for and participates in the design, development, implementation, and follow-up of projects related to customer service (internal and external) and support
Establishes team as well as individual goals on quality and productivity
Controls movement and activities to instill a service-conscious attitude, and minimize service failures
Ensures corporate security policy as well as safety methods and programs are implemented, maintained and adhered to
Conducts meetings to provide employees with information regarding division/operation; applies consistent administration of disciplinary procedures
Maintains accurately all required reports, paperwork, payroll, vacation schedules, performance reviews and personnel record statistics through established company policy guidelines
Enforces company
policies and procedures to ensure compliance with customs and related laws and regulations. Identifies training requirements and trains, coaches, and counsels team members

KSA's
4-Year degree preferred/ equivalent in business
Five (5) years experience in the field/ industry required.
1 year in a leadership role required.
CCS and/or Brokers license preferred.
Required - MS Office, Outlook, Office equipment (phone, fax, photocopier, printer, scanner)
Strong basic management, human relations and communication (written and verbal) skills.
General knowledge of safety awareness within an operational division
Organizational Skills
Inter-personal skills
Problem solving Skills
Handle high volume of work
Handle time sensitive work
Detail oriented
Performs other or additional duties as assigned

FedEx Logistics provides freight forwarding, as well as import and export services that allow companies to reach markets throughout the world. They help customers of all sizes solve the intricacies of shipping goods globally by providing comprehensive international ocean and air freight forwarding, surface transportation and distribution, customs brokerage, trade and customs advisory services, and advanced e-commerce and trade facilitation solutions. We're glad you stopped by and hope your job search experience with FedEx Logistics, Inc. will be rewarding. We look forward to hearing from you!

FedEx Logistics, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their protected veteran or disability status.

FedEx Logistics, Inc. participates in the Department of Homeland Security U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services' E-Verify program (For U.S. applicants and employees only). Please ready the E-Verify Notice available in English (https://e-verify.uscis.gov/emp/media/resourcesContents/E-Verify_Participation_Poster.pdf) and Spanish (https://e-verify.uscis.gov/emp/media/resourcesContents/E-Verify_Participation_Poster_ES.pdf) before proceeding with your job application. Click here to read the Right to Work Notice available in English (http://ftn.fedex.com/careers/OSC_Right_to_Work_Poster.pdf) and Spanish (http://ftn.fedex.com/careers/OSC_Right_to_Work_Poster_ES.pdf). Additional information about the E-Verify program can also be found at www.uscis.gov.


Pay Transparency Policy Statement: The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless required to do so by law or the FedEx Logistics Legal Department.

Import Notice to All Applicants: FedEx Logistics is engaged in an industry regulated by federal law that prohibits it from employing convicted felons. Therefore, it must determine whether applicants have been convicted of felonies before a hiring decision is made. A criminal background check will be required of all selected applicants before a hiring decision is made.

Equal Employment Opportunity: As a federal government contractor, we are committed to employ and promote qualified minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, and covered veterans (including, but not limited to, disabled veterans, recently separated veterans, Armed Forces service medal veterans, and other protected veterans. Our philosophy and commitment to equal employment opportunity and non-discrimination is the bedrock to job opportunities for all employees and applicants without regard to an individual's protected status (i.e. race/ethnicity, color, national origin, ancestry, sex/gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, marital/parental status, pregnancy/childbirth, or related condition, religion, creed, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other protected status.) Click here and here to read more about "Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law."

FedEx Logistics will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the FAIR Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance (FCIHOO) for the City of Los Angeles (LAMC 189.00)

FedEx Logistics will not rely on the wage history of a prospective employee from any current or former employer when determining the wages for such individual at any stage in the employment process, including in the negotiation or drafting of any employment contract in accordance with Philadelphia Ordinance No. 160840.
