Job Description
Company: FedEx Services
Job Title: Jr. Associate Auditor
Job Requisition Number: RC270151
Category: Intern
Locations:
Memphis, Tennessee 38125
United States

Under close supervision, contributes on worldwide integrated financial, operational, information system audits and special projects. This is a temporary intern position.

Job Specific Information:

Full-time internship opportunities available in Memphis, Tennessee starting in January 2021 and ending in June 2021.

Students must be actively enrolled in a degree program and maintain good academic standing.

Responsibilities include:

Assist in the performance of financial/operational/information systems audits and special projects.
Assist in the preparation of formal reports and presentations of audit results for senior and executive management.
Conduct interviews with all levels of personnel as required to complete audit assignments.
Attend meetings with management to discuss audit issues and to develop action plans.

Skills/Knowledge Considered a Plus:
Should be a candidate for a Bachelor's (Junior or Senior, preferred) or Master's Degree in Accounting, Finance, Information Systems or a related field
Should have an overall GPA of 3.0
Preferably, a student should be available for full time employment 6-18 months after completion of internship
Availability for up to 20-50% domestic travel
Demonstrated problem solving skills
Demonstrated planning, organizing and strong attention to detail
Ability to work independently and as part of a team
Good communication skills (listening, verbal, written)
Experience using Microsoft office including Word, Excel and PowerPoint

Resume should include the following information:
College address and permanent home address
College telephone number and permanent home telephone number
Overall GPA and major GPA
Date of intended graduation

Minimum Qualifications:
High school graduate or equivalent. Current college student pursing a degree in accounting, finance, information systems or related field. Strong communication skills and analytical skills required.

Want a career where you are empowered to make a difference? Want to work for a company that is environmentally responsible? Want to grow and develop on the job? If so, FedEx is the place for you! Every day FedEx delivers for its customers with transportation and business solutions. FedEx serves more than 220 countries and territories around the globe. We can serve this global network due to our outstanding team of FedEx employees. FedEx has over 400,000 talented employees who are tasked with making every FedEx experience outstanding. FedEx has been recognized on many different lists both for business success and for being a great employer.

Here are some of the recognitions FedEx has received from the past couple of years:

Fortune "World’s Most Admired Companies" – 2019
Forbes "Best Employers for Diversity" - 2019
Reputation Institute "World’s Most Reputable Companies" – 2019
National Business Inclusion Consortium "Best-of-the-Best Corporations for Inclusion" - 2019
Women’s Business Enterprise National Council "America’s Top Corporations for Women’s Business Enterprises" - 2018
Corporate Responsibility Magazine "100 Best Corporate Citizens" – 2018
Black Enterprise "50 Best Companies For Diversity" – 2018
When 400,000 employees around the globe are all working together it is amazing what we can achieve! FedEx connects people and ideas. If you would like to make a difference on a global scale while receiving top notch benefits, competitive pay, and plenty of opportunities to develop, click ‘Apply’ and tell us more about yourself.

EEO Statement - FedEx is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer (minorities/females/disability/veterans) that is committed to diversifying its workforce.
