Date Posted: Jul 15, 2020

Location: Cary, NC, US, 27513

Company: MetLife

Position:  Senior Software Development Engineer

Location: 101 MetLife Way, Cary, North Carolina 27513

Requisition Number: 114837

Key Responsibilities:

Analyze local business needs, country IT systems and market needs and present proposals that include high level technical solutions to relevant stakeholders. Design and code complex programs, create test transactions, and run tests to convert business problems into sophisticated IT solutions. Monitor efficiency of existing application systems and review, analyze, and modify systems, including encoding, testing, debugging, and installing for large-scale systems. Provide advanced technical support to project teams throughout project lifecycles around technology platforms, solution design, security, debugging, profiling, and performance tuning. Provide governance over project teams to ensure that standards and best practices are followed.

Essential Business Experience and Technical Skills:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (willing to accept foreign education equivalent) plus four (4) years of experience designing, implementing and deploying scalable and performant web and mobile applications using Spring and Java. Specific skills/other requirements (quantitative experience requirements not applicable to this section) - Must possess the following: encoding, testing, debugging and installing for large-scale systems using MongoDB and other database technologies; designing multi-tenant SaaS systems using Waterfall and Iterative development methodologies; monitoring efficiency of existing application systems, applying knowledge of GitHub, Stash, Bitbucket, Maven, Bamboo, and Jira; designing and coding complex programs in distributed Java, J2EE, SOA, middleware, JSP, JSTL, JMS, JNDI, JDBC, JAXB, Struts, Hibernate, Log4j, and Junit; performing solution design, data modelling, REST API design, and multi-threaded architecture using Spring Boot, Netflix OSS, Zuul, and Docker; and leading offshore teams.



Requisition #:

114837



Travel:

10-15% (international)

Business Category

Global Programs Delivery 31988

Number of Openings:

1

Contact Information:

Submit resume to Ashley Lonsinger Ashley.l.lonsinger@metlife.com



“At MetLife, we’re leading the global transformation of an industry we’ve long defined. United in purpose, diverse in perspective, we’re dedicated to making a difference in the lives of our customers.”



#LI-DNI

MetLife:
MetLife, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, is one of the world’s leading financial services companies, providing insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management to help its individual and institutional customers navigate their changing world. Founded in 1868, MetLife has operations in more than 40 countries and holds leading market positions in the United States, Japan, Latin America, Asia, Europe and the Middle East.

We are one of the largest institutional investors in the U.S. with $600 billion of total assets under management as of December 31, 2019. We are ranked #44 on the Fortune 500 list for 2019. In 2019, we were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) for the fourth year in a row. DJSI is a global index to track the leading sustainability-driven companies.

MetLife is committed to building a purpose-driven and inclusive culture that energizes our people. Our employees work every day to help build a more confident future for people around the world.

We want to make it simple for all interested and qualified candidates to apply for employment opportunities with MetLife.  If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to accommodations@metlife.com or call our Employee Relations Department at 1-877-843-3711.

MetLife is a proud Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer dedicated to attracting, retaining, and developing a diverse and inclusive workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at MetLife without regards to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, national origin, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, genetic information, citizenship status, uniformed service member or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

MetLife maintains a drug-free workplace.



Requisition #: 114837
