Date Posted: Jul 25, 2020

Location: Whippany, NJ, US, 7981

Company: MetLife

Position:  Experienced Credit Risk Analyst (Director level)



Job Location: Whippany, NJ



The Role: Credit Risk Management, an independent review function within Global Risk Management, is seeking a Senior Analyst to support the oversight of credit risks generated by MetLife’s corporate fixed income investment portfolio. We are looking for an experienced Credit Risk Analyst to be responsible for credit risk surveillance, monitoring exposures against limits, and identifying emerging risks and concentrations. This position is also responsible for assisting– with other credit risk related matters, including preparing analyses for senior management (e.g. Chief Risk Officer), sector reviews,  monitoring rating and hierarchy overrides, identifying significant changes in credit quality (e.g. rating migration, fallen angels), and analyzing how long-term sector trends and events could impact our portfolios. Strong candidates will be able to demonstrate solid quantitative and qualitative credit skills that span across industry sectors.



Key Responsibilities:

Conduct credit risk surveillance on MetLife’s investment portfolios with a specific focus on the corporate fixed income portfolio
Interact regularly with portfolio teams to understand trends and evolving risks within the portfolio, develop appropriate responses, and communicate risks and strategies throughout the risk organization
Maintain industry expertise and conduct research to anticipate cycles, secular trends and structural changes
Produce industry/sector credit research that supports existing portfolios and identifies trends/issues to facilitate credit oversight of our risk positions
Ensure the maintenance of solid credit analyses by the origination teams and ensure that credit risk policies & procedures are comprehensive
Write credit reviews on deteriorating issuers/sectors
Assist in the design, development and implementation of credit risk analytic tools, including economic capital, probability of default, loss given default, exposure at default, expected loss modeling, etc. to effectively monitor investment risks and enhance the decision making and risk management process
Timely review of limit breeches and requests to exceed limits; recommend remediation.
Support management in preparing various credit risk dashboard and reporting
Update and enhance relevant credit policies and procedures for the various asset classes. Monitor the portfolios for regular compliance of all policies and procedures
Review and discuss Watch Lists exposures with the Head of Credit Risk Surveillance on a regular basis to ensure appropriate high-risk positions are being adequately addressed and monitored.


Key Relationships:

Reports to:  AVP Credit Risk
Direct reports/team: One direct report
Key Stakeholders: Global Risk Management, Affiliated Insurance Company, Compliance, Legal and MetLife Investment Management


Candidate Qualifications:



Essential Business Experience and Technical Skills:

Minimum of 8 years in credit risk management or buy side credit research; preferably corporate/industry or energy sector focused.
Formal credit training. Solid credit background and ability to demonstrate a deep understanding of fundamental credit analysis and key drivers of credit risk trends.
Advance degree required (e.g. MBA or Law degree or master’s degree in finance, accounting or economics).


Preferred

Professional designation is preferred (CFA, FRM, CPA, etc.).
Experience covering private placements/private fixed income and infrastructure.
Team oriented/strong communication - must be able to work with people of diverse skills and personalities.
Ability to work effectively with key partners (e.g. Investments, Legal, etc.).
Excellent communication skills (written and verbal), strong presentation & organizational skills and the ability to interface successfully within all levels of a large organization.
Self-starter - must be able to work independently and be detail oriented.
Creative - have the ability to think outside the box on complex credit situations.


MetLife Success Principles

Experiment with Confidence – Courageously learn and test new ideas without fear of failure
Act with Urgency – Demonstrate speed to action with agility and determination
Seek Diverse Perspectives – Source ideas and feedback to expand thinking and make informed decisions
Seize Opportunity – Drive responsible growth and identify areas for continuous improvement
Champion Inclusion – Foster an environment where everyone is valued, heard, and can speak up
Create Alignment – Partner with others across the organization with candor and transparency
Take Responsibility – Be accountable and act in pursuit of the right outcomes
Enable Solutions – Anticipate and address obstacles while managing risk
Deliver What Matters – Execute meaningful priorities and follow through on commitments

MetLife:

MetLife, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, is one of the world’s leading financial services companies, providing insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management to help its individual and institutional customers navigate their changing world. Founded in 1868, MetLife has operations in more than 40 countries and holds leading market positions in the United States, Japan, Latin America, Asia, Europe and the Middle East.



We are one of the largest institutional investors in the U.S. with $600 billion of total assets under management as of December 31, 2019. We are ranked #44 on the Fortune 500 list for 2019. In 2019, we were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) for the fourth year in a row. DJSI is a global index to track the leading sustainability-driven companies.



MetLife is committed to building a purpose-driven and inclusive culture that energizes our people. Our employees work every day to help build a more confident future for people around the world.



We want to make it simple for all interested and qualified candidates to apply for employment opportunities with MetLife.  If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to accommodations@metlife.com or call our Employee Relations Department at 1-877-843-3711.



MetLife is a proud Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer dedicated to attracting, retaining, and developing a diverse and inclusive workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at MetLife without regards to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, national origin, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, genetic information, citizenship status, uniformed service member or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.



MetLife maintains a drug-free workplace.





For immediate consideration, click the Apply Now button. You will be directed to complete an on-line profile. Upon completion, you will receive an automated confirmation email verifying you have successfully applied to the job.
