Date Posted: Jul 27, 2020

Location: Whippany, NJ, US, 7981

Company: MetLife

Job Location: Whippany, New Jersey



Role Value Proposition:

MetLife is seeking a versatile and highly-motivated finance attorney to join its Fixed Income and Alternatives legal team as Senior Counsel.



The Fixed Income and Alternatives legal team is responsible for supporting MetLife Investment Management (MIM) in the origination and management of all public and private fixed income and alternative investments, including corporate and infrastructure private placements, bank loans, structured finance, project finance, residential mortgage loans, mezzanine loans, lease and tax equity transactions and private fund investments. In addition, the team is responsible for (a) overseeing foreign and domestic debt restructurings and insolvency matters affecting the portfolio, (b) collaborating with our Products, Distribution and Operations legal team in connection with the structuring and formation of new investment vehicles, and (c) advising on laws and regulations impacting the investment activities of MIM and its clients.



In MetLife Legal Affairs, we strive to attract, develop and retain diverse talent with the potential to be future leaders of our department and of MetLife as a whole. We seek legal and compliance professionals who demonstrate high intellectual capacity to understand complex matters facing our company, combined with strong leadership competencies to motivate and inspire higher performance by all our professionals. We take an active role in developing the skills of our talent and guiding their professional growth. By promoting skill development and career advancement for our professionals we are better positioned to serve our internal business partners and to help achieve MetLife’s vision of becoming a world-class leader in the insurance, retirement savings and employee benefits industries.



Key Responsibilities:



Providing timely and pragmatic advice and counsel to business clients in connection with the origination of fixed income and alternatives investments, including corporate and infrastructure private placements and bank loans, public and private structured finance transactions (e.g., RMBS, CMBS and other asset-backed investments) and private funds transactions (e.g., private equity, hedge funds and/or venture capital).
Supporting business clients in their evaluation of amendments, waivers and consents, and leading negotiations to preserve and/or enhance investor protections.
Managing external counsel and coordinating with other internal constituencies to ensure timely closing and settlement.
Advising on issues related to insurance company regulatory limits and investments governance issues.
Staying abreast of legal and regulatory developments and business trends impacting MIM’s investment portfolio and providing client training, as necessary.


Essential Business Experience and Technical Skills:



Juris Doctorate and excellent academic credentials from an ABA-accredited school.
Four plus years of relevant experience in investments law, either with a law firm, insurance company or other financial services institution.  (Candidates with less experience may be considered on a base-by-case basis).
Active license to practice law in at least one state and a member in good standing of the bar.
Ability and willingness to obtain a limited license if not already appropriately licensed in NJ.
An awareness of current economic trends impacting institutional investors.
A strong work ethic and customer-service mentality.
Demonstrated legal, organizational and interpersonal skills.
Willingness and desire to learn.
The ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment.
Superior written and verbal communication skills.
Proven problem-solving and negotiating skills and business acumen.
The ability to work in an environment that emphasizes information sharing, collaboration, teamwork, mutual respect and integrity.


Salary Grade

13



Travel

N/A



Business Category

Legal Affairs



Number of Openings

1



At MetLife, we’re leading the global transformation of an industry we’ve long defined. United in purpose, diverse in perspective, we’re dedicated to making a difference in the lives of our customers.”

#LI-AD

MetLife:
MetLife, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, is one of the world’s leading financial services companies, providing insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management to help its individual and institutional customers navigate their changing world. Founded in 1868, MetLife has operations in more than 40 countries and holds leading market positions in the United States, Japan, Latin America, Asia, Europe and the Middle East.

We are one of the largest institutional investors in the U.S. with $600 billion of total assets under management as of December 31, 2019. We are ranked #44 on the Fortune 500 list for 2019. In 2019, we were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) for the fourth year in a row. DJSI is a global index to track the leading sustainability-driven companies.

MetLife is committed to building a purpose-driven and inclusive culture that energizes our people. Our employees work every day to help build a more confident future for people around the world.

We want to make it simple for all interested and qualified candidates to apply for employment opportunities with MetLife.  If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to accommodations@metlife.com or call our Employee Relations Department at 1-877-843-3711.

MetLife is a proud Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer dedicated to attracting, retaining, and developing a diverse and inclusive workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at MetLife without regards to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, national origin, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, genetic information, citizenship status, uniformed service member or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

MetLife maintains a drug-free workplace.
