Date Posted: Aug 4, 2020

Location: Tampa, FL, US, 33647

Company: MetLife

Role Value Proposition:

The primary responsibility of this position is to incorporate Voluntary Benefit products into a customer’s payroll deduction system, utilizing project management skills, team building ability and the analytical skills necessary to successfully execute standard case installations.  As well as interacting with internal and external business units. This position is critical to the success of our ongoing client relationship, including but not limited to, National and Regional Market clients.



Key Responsibilities:

Manage case installations, including project planning, prioritization and quality control monitoring to ensure the appropriate delivery of operational support to internal and external contacts.
Develop processes that integrate client-provided data into the MetLife eligibility and billing systems by creating functional specifications from the client’s business requirements and conducting quality testing to ensure accurate data.  Areas of expertise include, but are not limited to, customer structure, data testing, eligibility, payroll feeds, remittance scheduling, and reports.
Determine, document and implement system changes and improvements through continuous business and procedural analysis and the gathering of ongoing changes in requirements as determined by users, process owners and policy decisions.
Facilitate meetings, in person or via teleconference, with the corporate customer, the third-party administrator/broker and representatives from the Human Resources, payroll operations, and IT departments.
Coordination of bill/confirmation files testing with customer.  This includes creating testing timeline; validating data and reporting results to each customer.
Understand and analyze customer business requirements; make appropriate recommendations and coordinate the set-up of electronic eligibility and billing interfaces.
Establish and maintain strong partnerships with internal departments; work with Analysts from other product areas during multi-product implementations in order to provide exceptional quality service to the customer and enhance the success of the implementation.
Prepare documentation used for client training on the operational aspects of their Voluntary Benefit program(s), including decision-support (e.g., Internet vs. programmed interface).
Coordinate the flow of information regarding the MyBenefits portal from the customer to the eBusiness deployment team; ensure that the customer has a comprehensive understanding of the form and function of the site.
Monitor eligibility, billing, remittance, transmission and payment processes during the post-implementation phase in order to ensure proper installation.
Analyze existing case history prior to the installation of product additions as well as changes in pay frequency, payroll software and system updates.
Plan and execute customer conversions due to mergers, spin-offs and acquisitions.
Actively participate in internal process enhancement teams, assist in process re-development (e.g., process improvements), participate in UAT (User Acceptance Testing) and provide support during the conversion period.
Regularly communicate both by telephone and email with clients to ensure all components of the project, including all quality requirements, are met and exceeded during the life of the project/implementation.


Essential Business Experience and Technical Skills:

Required:

High school diploma
Experience with the Microsoft Office Suite is required.  Working knowledge of Ultra Edit a plus.
1 to 2 years of related business experience


Preferred:

Bachelors Degree
3 to 5 years of related business experience
Demonstrated expertise in business planning, process improvement, quality management, leadership, strategic planning and change management.
Strong desire to work in an environment that requires continuous learning in order to provide superior service to fellow project team members, the corporate client and policy holders.
Proven motivational, training and leadership skills are required.
Exceptional professional business writing and oral presentation skills to communicate at the management and executive levels.
Proven ability to analyze a situation, define the problem, develop alternative solutions, and present recommendations in a logical and clear manner.
Strong analytical and problem solving skills required to work with customers of all levels of case complexity.
Exceptional ability to multi-task as well as the flexibility and willingness to work in multiple roles as required.
Detail focused with strong follow-through skills by monitoring processes to ensure client deadlines and expectations are met.
Demonstrate a cooperative and professional work attitude and display the ability to work efficiently in a team environment as well as independently.
Exceptional organizational skills required to manage multiple projects and implementations simultaneously as well as the ability to prioritize an extensive flow of information from various sources.
Willingness to initiate the analysis and/or resolution of IT, Business and customer issues.
Ability to be persuasive under pressure while maintaining a professional demeanor. Flexibility and adaptability to change are essential.
Understanding of IT system methodologies and familiarity with mainframe systems design and/or computer processing required.
In depth understanding of general payroll processing techniques, terminology and timeframes.
A clear understanding of the importance of providing superior customer service to internal and external customers; supports and embraces change.


Travel

0-5%



“At MetLife, we’re leading the global transformation of an industry we’ve long defined. United in purpose, diverse in perspective, we’re dedicated to making a difference in the lives of our customers.”

MetLife:
MetLife, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, is one of the world’s leading financial services companies, providing insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management to help its individual and institutional customers navigate their changing world. Founded in 1868, MetLife has operations in more than 40 countries and holds leading market positions in the United States, Japan, Latin America, Asia, Europe and the Middle East.

We are one of the largest institutional investors in the U.S. with $600 billion of total assets under management as of December 31, 2019. We are ranked #44 on the Fortune 500 list for 2019. In 2019, we were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) for the fourth year in a row. DJSI is a global index to track the leading sustainability-driven companies.

MetLife is committed to building a purpose-driven and inclusive culture that energizes our people. Our employees work every day to help build a more confident future for people around the world.

We want to make it simple for all interested and qualified candidates to apply for employment opportunities with MetLife.  If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to accommodations@metlife.com or call our Employee Relations Department at 1-877-843-3711.

MetLife is a proud Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer dedicated to attracting, retaining, and developing a diverse and inclusive workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at MetLife without regards to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, national origin, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, genetic information, citizenship status, uniformed service member or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

MetLife maintains a drug-free workplace.



Requisition #: 114914
