Date Posted: Aug 7, 2020

Location: Greenwood Village, CO, US, 80111 Denver, CO, US, 80202 Irvine, CA, US, 92614

Company: MetLife

Role Value Proposition:

Provides administrative support and customer service to one or more large group insurance clients. Works with account team, Account Executive and other internal partners to manage the customer relationship.


Key Responsibilities:

Overall accountability for:  client requests, leads projects, provides clients with alternative solutions, identifies possible plan design alternatives, acts as a liaison between the client and internal MetLife teams.
Collaborates and acts as a liaison to assist with problem resolution and troubleshooting.
Provides exceptional customer service to support ongoing customer delivery and client satisfaction.
Participates in client account audits and strategic planning process.
Partners with Financial team in completion of client reports; analyzing results and identifying trends.
Leads and coordinates implementation of the addition of MetLife products on a basis.
Participates in strategy meetings, establishes specific processes and reports, reviews contract documents, completes broker agreements, creates process manuals and inputs and ensures accurate input of data in MetLife systems.
Maintains awareness and knowledge of MetLife’s and competitors’ products and trends.
Perform other related duties as assigned or required


Essential Business Experience and Technical Skills:

Required:

5+ years of relevant experience
Knowledge of Group Benefits core products- particularly Life, Disability, and/or Dental
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite (particularly Excel and PowerPoint)
Excellent organizational, interpersonal, and communication skills, both written and verbal.
Strong project management skills including problem solving, attention to detail, analytical thinking and decisiveness.
Ability to work autonomously; effectively handle multiple tasks, prioritize deadlines appropriately and remain flexible
Ability to balance client expectations with MetLife capabilities
Self-motivated to learn more about the business and is proactive in personal development

Number of Openings

1





At MetLife, we’re leading the global transformation of an industry we’ve long defined. United in purpose, diverse in perspective, we’re dedicated to making a difference in the lives of our customers.

MetLife:
MetLife, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, is one of the world’s leading financial services companies, providing insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management to help its individual and institutional customers navigate their changing world. Founded in 1868, MetLife has operations in more than 40 countries and holds leading market positions in the United States, Japan, Latin America, Asia, Europe and the Middle East.

We are one of the largest institutional investors in the U.S. with $600 billion of total assets under management as of December 31, 2019. We are ranked #44 on the Fortune 500 list for 2019. In 2019, we were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) for the fourth year in a row. DJSI is a global index to track the leading sustainability-driven companies.

MetLife is committed to building a purpose-driven and inclusive culture that energizes our people. Our employees work every day to help build a more confident future for people around the world.

We want to make it simple for all interested and qualified candidates to apply for employment opportunities with MetLife.  If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to accommodations@metlife.com or call our Employee Relations Department at 1-877-843-3711.

MetLife is a proud Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer dedicated to attracting, retaining, and developing a diverse and inclusive workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at MetLife without regards to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, national origin, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, genetic information, citizenship status, uniformed service member or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

MetLife maintains a drug-free workplace.



Requisition #: 114812
