Job Summary:
The Business Operations team provides operational and technical expertise, support, direction and strategic guidance and project management for the Disney Media Distribution teams: Platform Distribution, ABC Affiliate Relations, Platform Distribution Strategy, Content Sales and Canada, Content Sales Strategy and Development and Distribution Marketing.

The Business Operations team collaborates with, influences and directs prioritization of work with DTCI Technology, Disney Streaming Services, Studio Operations, Broadcast Operations, ESPN and WDTV Programming and Production, ESPN and WDTV Legal, Accounting, Finance, Research and Marketing and DTCI Advertising Sales and with external distribution partners, sports league partners, software and hardware vendors, content delivery service providers and consultants.
Responsibilities:
Lead the strategy, negotiation and execution of multi-faceted technical (e.g., tech specs, authentication requirements), content protection (e.g., piracy, usage rules), advertising (e.g., dynamic ad insertion) and data (e.g., content and ad measurement) terms with distribution and platform partners.
Support Disney Media Distribution sales teams to present, sell-in and negotiate carriage of TWDC’s content and digital products with distribution and platform partners.
Manages and collaborates with multi-matrixed, cross-departmental groups across TWDC to align distribution efforts with network and DTCI priorities as well as strategic planning and prioritization of distribution, content protection, data, and advertising and technology initiatives and projects.
Partner with Data and Advertising team to collaborate with Disney Ad Sales to establish and execute on monetization strategies across distribution platforms.
Lead and manage applicable vendor negotiations/agreements.
Lead, evaluate and execute on applicable new business development opportunities.
Leads, manages and coaches one direct report. Creates a team environment that is open and inclusive. Encourages candor, communication and collaboration.
Creates and builds relationships with counterparts across TWDC in sales (distribution and advertising), operations, data/research, programming, production, digital media, legal, accounting, engineering and technology, etc.
Creates and builds relationships externally with distributors, business partners, vendors and technology developers.
Demonstrates strong “horizontal” and “vertical” leadership capabilities that enables this individual to 1) coalesce a broad internal cross-functional team around an agreed objective and 2) develop strong collaborative relationships with distributors to further negotiation and partnership efforts.
Demonstrates strategic thinking, problem solving, the ability to synthesize complex issues, and communicate effectively under tight timelines (e.g., during deal negotiations).
Uses critical and creative thinking and analysis to solve highly complex, multifaceted business challenges in a multi-matrixed, cross departmental and cross TWDC environment, employing relationship building, team building, collaboration and critical thinking strategies and skills
Oversees and manages one direct report
Directs the ongoing implementation of business plans and systems/tools to maximize revenue
Contributes to the development of sales and delivery strategies in support of Disney Media Distribution and translates those into action plans and initiatives
Basic Qualifications:
Has in-depth knowledge of business operations strategies
Has in-depth knowledge of the terms and conditions and compliance requirements of distribution agreements and vendor obligations and requirements
Has in-depth knowledge of project management practices
Has excellent relationship building, collaboration, negotiation and influencing skills
Is recognized as an accomplished people leader and team builder
Is recognized as a technical business negotiations subject matter expert
Has a in-depth appreciation of the needs and concerns of distribution partners regarding systems requirements, implementation plans, technical obligations
Has in-depth knowledge of TWDC’s streaming products, SVOD, AVOD, PPV, Disney + and ESPN+
Has a strong understanding of the market positioning and strategies of Disney Media Distribution
Minimum of 7 years of industry experience and a minimum of 3 years leadership experience
Some travel and non-traditional work hours required depending on business needs
Required Education
Bachelor’s Degree
About Direct-to-Consumer and International:
Comprised of Disney’s international media businesses and the Company’s various streaming services, the Direct-to-Consumer and International segment aligns technology, content and distribution platforms to expand the Company’s global footprint and deliver world-class, personalized entertainment experiences to consumers around the world. This segment is responsible for The Walt Disney Company’s direct-to-consumer businesses globally, including the ESPN+ sports streaming service, programmed in partnership with ESPN; Disney+, the dedicated streaming home for entertainment from Disney, Pixar, Marvel, Star Wars, National Geographic; and the Company’s ownership stake in Hulu. As part of the Direct-to-Consumer and International segment, Disney Streaming Services, developer of the ESPN+ and Disney +, oversees all consumer-facing digital technology and products across the Company.

About The Walt Disney Company:
The Walt Disney Company, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, is a leading diversified international family entertainment and media enterprise with the following business segments: media networks, parks and resorts, studio entertainment, consumer products and interactive media. From humble beginnings as a cartoon studio in the 1920s to its preeminent name in the entertainment industry today, Disney proudly continues its legacy of creating world-class stories and experiences for every member of the family. Disney’s stories, characters and experiences reach consumers and guests from every corner of the globe. With operations in more than 40 countries, our employees and cast members work together to create entertainment experiences that are both universally and locally cherished.

This position is with ESPN Sales & Marketing, Inc., which is part of a business segment we call Direct-to-Consumer and International.

ESPN Sales & Marketing, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Disney fosters a business culture where ideas and decisions from all people help us grow, innovate, create the best stories and be relevant in a rapidly changing world.
