Job ID 763335BR
Location Glendale, California, United States
Business Disney Streaming Services
Date posted Jul. 22, 2020
Job Summary:
Comprised of Disney’s international media businesses and the Company’s various streaming services, the Direct-to-Consumer and International (DTCI) segment aligns technology, content and distribution platforms to expand the Company’s global footprint and deliver world-class, personalized entertainment experiences to consumers around the world.

The Walt Disney Company’s Direct-to-Consumer and International segment (DTCI) is a global, multiplatform media, technology and distribution organization for high-quality content created by Disney’s Studio Entertainment and Media Networks groups.

DTCI includes Disney’s international media operations and the Company’s direct-to-consumer businesses globally, including the upcoming Disney-branded direct-to-consumer streaming service, the Company’s ownership stake in Hulu, and the ESPN+ sports streaming service, programmed in partnership with ESPN. BAMTECH Media, developer of the ESPN+ and Disney-branded streaming platforms, oversees all consumer-facing digital technology and products across the Company as part of the Direct-to-Consumer and International segment.

In 2019, the Walt Disney Company launched Disney+, a Disney-branded streaming service featuring an incomparable collection of content from its brands and franchises recognized and respected all over the world. The Direct-To-Consumer (DTC) service will serve as the exclusive home for viewing original movies, series, short-form, and more, along with a vibrant catalogue that spans classic Disney Animation to the most recent movie releases.

We’re looking for talented team-players with an entrepreneurial spirit, who will thrive upon the legacy of our company yet embrace unconventional thinking, and who are passionate about contributing to The Walt Disney Company’s direct-to-consumer experience through strategic hard-work and determination.

We are seeking an experienced, collaborative and enthusiastic person for the position of Rights Management Associate. Reporting to the Rights Management Manager in Glendale, this unique position will be part of a growing team which will ensure that our content meets all of our legal responsibilities to our partners and our guests. The Rights Management team is responsible for translating creative intent to legal decisions and ensuring that these decisions make it through a variety of workflow and processes, and eventually to Disney+ itself. This position will have a global focus on content for Special Projects, coordinating with a multitude of legal and clearances teams across TWDC globally, Disney+ Programing, Disney Studio Operations, Disney+ Marketing, as well as DTCI Sales & Technology.

The ideal candidate will possess top-notch written, communication and organizational skills, as well as ability to understand complexity and multiple moving parts at once and to explain them to different audiences. This role requires both legal and technical acumen – and the ability to communicate courteously and concisely with high-level stakeholders. They will also have experience and comfortability with navigating new systems and tools in order to get up and running on TWDC software quickly (RADAR, SONAR, JIRA, BACKSTAGE, Rightsline, Wonderland, Product Master, Smartsheets, Google Suite).
Responsibilities:
What does success look like?
In success, you will have enabled legal to supply rights-in information in an organized, timely way. Your accuracy and thoroughness will give all parties confidence in the information delivered. You will be a master of different TWDC systems in the legal/avails ecosystem – able to find sources of truth and run any report needed. Your analytical skills will give your teammates and leadership the information they need to make sound, actionable business and policy decisions. Your quick responses and ability to anticipate issues will help keep post-production timelines on track. Your optimism and dependability will make you an indispensable part of a growing team.
Perform initial rights-in research for Special Projects and Original content, based on territory intent and platform distribution for all content types: movies, trailers/clips, bonus, and episodic
Execute rights-in gathering process by sending requests to various legal teams, following up on requests, and flagging any issues or delays to the Manager
Keep accurate reporting and deadlines on outstanding requests
Enter rights data into Disney+ centralized database – media, music, localization rights
Coordinate with Sales team and title management on when titles should be offered up to scheduling
Respond to Marketing/legal requests confirming availability of titles across territories
Coordinate the clearance of foreign dub/sub rights with for Originals with Disney+ Studios
Assist Avails team with responding to live-site issues, troubleshooting and JIRA tickets (confirming legal intent and proper Rightsline set-up)
Assist in analysis of rights, availability and intent for territory launches
Basic Qualifications:
Strong analytical skills, mix of qualitative and quantitative
Strong project management skills and the ability to juggle multiple projects at one time
Stakeholder management – including legal and executive
Excellent Excel skills
Experience with data hygiene
Ability to understand and interpret Disney+ business needs and product requirements
Ability to learn new systems, workflows and databases quickly
Teamwork, especially as an expert at getting things done, all with a positive attitude
Preferred Qualifications:
Previous experience in legal or public policy
Previous experience with rights management
Required Education
Bachelor’s Degree
About Disney Streaming Services:
Disney Streaming Services is responsible for developing and operating The Walt Disney Company’s direct-to-consumer video businesses globally, including the ESPN+ premium sports streaming service; Disney+, the dedicated streaming home for entertainment from Disney, Pixar, Marvel, Star Wars, National Geographic and BAMTECH Media, a global leader in direct-to-consumer video streaming products and solutions. Our core mission is to deliver global audiences the freedom to access content on their terms across any connected device, time or location. We serve consumers by bringing the world’s most beloved characters, timeless stories, legendary athletes, and epic sporting events to global audiences through best-in-class direct-to-consumer video services. We strive daily to imaginatively challenge convention with innovative technology that gives consumers the freedom to access content on their terms across any connected device, time or location.

About The Walt Disney Company:
The Walt Disney Company, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, is a leading diversified international family entertainment and media enterprise with the following business segments: media networks, parks and resorts, studio entertainment, consumer products and interactive media. From humble beginnings as a cartoon studio in the 1920s to its preeminent name in the entertainment industry today, Disney proudly continues its legacy of creating world-class stories and experiences for every member of the family. Disney’s stories, characters and experiences reach consumers and guests from every corner of the globe. With operations in more than 40 countries, our employees and cast members work together to create entertainment experiences that are both universally and locally cherished.

This position is with Disney Streaming Services LLC, which is part of a business segment we call Disney Streaming Services.

Disney Streaming Services LLC is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Disney fosters a business culture where ideas and decisions from all people help us grow, innovate, create the best stories and be relevant in a rapidly changing world.
