Job ID R10010866
Location Washington, DC, United States
Business National Geographic
Date posted Jul. 24, 2020
JOB DESCRIPTION
National Geographic Partners offers a professional training experience for visual storytelling including photojournalism and photo editing. This internship is an opportunity to learn the skills of a professional photo editor for both print and online publications. The intern will have the advantage of working alongside and learning from experienced photo editors learning how to research story ideas, learn visual narrative, organize image assets from long-term photographic projects as well as quick turnaround digital assignments.

Five Principal Learning Opportunities

Percentage of Time (%)

1. Research stock imagery for print and online story assignments 25 %

2. Learn photographic production process for both print and digital 15 %

3. Produce posts for Photography social media sites including Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Snapchat 10 %

4. Attend story pitch meetings, coverage plans, interim and final shows, layout reviews, and color proofing reviews.20 %

5. Research and propose story ideas for online Pictures Stories, and Dispatches and Proof for NGM. Edit, present, and layout accepted ideas. 30 %

Qualifications

While individuals of all academic backgrounds are encouraged to apply, applicants should have    prior experience in research or journalism.

Strong oral and written communication skills
Ability to handle and prioritize simultaneous projects and meet deadlines
Self-motivated, organized and resourceful, with the ability to work with minimal supervision and exercise independent judgment
Knowledge of photographic media, photo editing software and Photoshop.
Knowledge of photography media community and a range of photographers both current and historical
To participate in Disney and NGP’s Internship program, you must meet the following criteria:

Applicants must be enrolled at an accredited university taking at least one class at time of application OR recent graduates who apply within 18 months of their graduation date
Be eligible to work in the United States without sponsorship by the Company
Must be 18 years of age or older at the time of the internship
Work Environment
This position is a part-time, remote internship. The position requires a working, reliable internet connection as well as a separate, quiet dedicated work space for the purpose of performing work duties. This area must be maintained in a safe condition, free from all hazards. The position requires a structured work environment including pre-determined lunch and break times along with the need to work/stay in one place for the duration of a shift.

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable law.

About National Geographic:
National Geographic Partners LLC (NGP), a joint venture between Disney and the National Geographic Society, is committed to bringing the world premium science, adventure and exploration content across an unrivaled portfolio of media assets. NGP combines the global National Geographic television channels (National Geographic Channel, Nat Geo WILD, Nat Geo MUNDO, Nat Geo PEOPLE) with National Geographic’s media and consumer-oriented assets, including National Geographic magazines; National Geographic studios; related digital and social media platforms; books; maps; children’s media; and ancillary activities that include travel, global experiences and events, archival sales, licensing and e-commerce businesses. Furthering knowledge and understanding of our world has been the core purpose of National Geographic for 131 years, and now we are committed to going deeper, pushing boundaries, going further for our consumers … and reaching millions of people around the world in 172 countries and 43 languages every month as we do it. NGP returns 27 percent of our proceeds to the nonprofit National Geographic Society to fund work in the areas of science, exploration, conservation and education.

About The Walt Disney Company:
The Walt Disney Company, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, is a leading diversified international family entertainment and media enterprise with the following business segments: media networks, parks and resorts, studio entertainment, consumer products and interactive media. From humble beginnings as a cartoon studio in the 1920s to its preeminent name in the entertainment industry today, Disney proudly continues its legacy of creating world-class stories and experiences for every member of the family. Disney’s stories, characters and experiences reach consumers and guests from every corner of the globe. With operations in more than 40 countries, our employees and cast members work together to create entertainment experiences that are both universally and locally cherished.

This position is with National Geographic Partners, LLC, which is part of a business segment we call National Geographic.

National Geographic Partners, LLC is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Disney fosters a business culture where ideas and decisions from all people help us grow, innovate, create the best stories and be relevant in a rapidly changing world.
