DESCRIPTION
Do you have a passion for developing people to improve their contributions to the organization?

If so, then a role in our Human Resources (HR) organization is for you!

The Global Labor Relations Manager builds labor union bargaining capability and proactive labor union relations; develops and executes strategic actions to ensure healthy relations with employee groups including Unions and Works Councils. Partners with the Global Labor Relations practice and business leaders to ensure P&G sustains its driven advantage relative to labor relations.
In conjunction with the Global LR Subject Matter Expert for bargaining, unions and works councils, provides day-to-day and strategic labor relations consultation and support to managers of bargaining unit employees. Also, develops and implements training on key Labor Relations concepts to global partners.
Assesses external trends and standard methodologies in the field. Also, supports multi-site projects of HR Labor and Employee Relations COE and strategic objectives.
SKILLS NEEDED TO PERFORM THE JOB
Superb attributes and proven abilities in issue identification, sound strategic problem-solving, creativity, influencing, conflict resolution and root-cause identification.
Eye for business with ability to showcase analytical thinking, effective verbal communication and technical writing skills.
Manage conflict and challenge thinking of leaders, peers, subordinates and partners. Ability to effectively influence and provide sound consultation to line clients and senior business partners
Ability to portray a professional demeanor and engage with unions regarding complex issues and unexpected dynamics.
Driven by a can-do attitude, results-oriented assertiveness and resilience to work through complex and evolving initiatives; be an advocate to creatively identify options and support workplace improvements.
Confident presentation abilities to deliver Executive report-outs, facilitate training courses, lead meetings and engage in multifaceted work groups.
Proven experience applying project management techniques to drive efficient and willing to take action results; managing multiple projects and work streams simultaneously is paramount.
Ability to thrive in a fast-moving, multi-tasking, fast paced environment via mastered interpersonal and time management practices.
Ability to work independently and build/implement tactics utilizing corporate resources and a detailed understanding of business and interpersonal outcomes desired.
Proven experience in negotiations preparation, bargaining, implementation and administration of Collective Bargaining Agreements. Also, demonstrated ability to negotiate under dynamic and adverse conditions with a strategic forward-thinking and resilient approach
Dedication to develop effective professional relations with a wide representation of union affiliates
Support a client system regarding all aspects of labor relations functions including providing counsel on employee performance matters, training and education, effects bargaining, continuous improvement and trend analysis
Practical knowledge and proven employment related practices such as grievance advocacy, arbitrations and agency charges
QUALIFICATIONS
We are looking for people who:

- Have a minimum 2 years’ experience in either an HR/Labor Relations role in a union environment or in a management position supervising union personnel (or both)
- Experience with contract administration and interpretation, investigations and grievance handling and problem resolution
- Direct understanding and ability to apply all aspects of the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) as well as employment and human resources related laws, regulations,
policies, principles, concepts and practices, including but not limited to Title VII, EEO, ADA and FMLA; and, associated employment laws in the state of California
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, marital status, citizenship, HIV/AIDS status or any other legally protected factor. Immigration sponsorship is not available for this role. As a general matter, Procter & Gamble does not sponsor candidates for nonimmigrant visas or permanent residency. However, Procter & Gamble may make exceptions on a discretionary basis. Any exceptions would be based on the Company's specific business needs at the time and place of recruitment as well as the particular qualifications of the individual. Procter & Gamble participates in e-verify as required by law. Qualified individuals will not be disadvantaged based on being unemployed.
Job locations:
Cincinnati, Ohio, United States
Job Type: Full-time
Job categories: Human Resources
Req No: HR 00003788
