DESCRIPTION
Are you passionate about solving tough challenges? In this role you will use your Argus Safety skills to find creative solutions for consumer's everyday problems! If this sounds like fun, we would love to hire someone with your skills and abilities to join our R&D organization.

The Global Safety Surveillance and Analysis Argus Operations Manager is responsible for the maintenance of the operational and technical interfaces with Argus Safety database, a validated database where adverse event consumer health complaints are entered and managed. The Argus Operations Manager will interface within GSSA as well as with IT in the daily operation, troubleshooting, upgrading and validation of the Argus Safety system. Additionally, the Argus Operations Manager will collaborate with vendors for maintenance and important upgrade projects which could last 6-12 months.

The Argus Operations Manager will also:

Provide Level 1 support to 40+ users globally.
Lead a team responsible for proactively identifying new Argus Safety and/or system interface-related business enhancements, to meet new/changing global regulatory requirements
Participate in global audits and inspections, when needed
Ensure the maintenance of the Argus product dictionary
Write and participate in test script writing and testing
QUALIFICATIONS
Education:

We are looking for someone with a Bachelor's and Master's degree in the field of: Information technology, Computer Science or Informatics, or relevant experience in Argus Safety system or previous ownership of a validated system.

Requirements (skills / experiences) for the role:

Experience with Argus Safety system or previous ownership of a validated system
Excellent collaboration skills with strong attention to detail.
Excellent written and oral communication skills, with emphasis on communication of technical knowledge.
Excellent organizational skills, with attention to detail and ability to manage complex systems
Knowledge of relational databases, SQL preferred
Whatweoffer:

Responsibilities as of Day 1 – you will feel the ownership of your project from the beginning, and you will be given specific projects and responsibilities.

Continuous mentorship – you will work with passionate people and receive both formal training as well as day-to-day mentoring from your manager.

Work and be part of a dynamic and encouraging environment - working over a diverse array of interesting problems.

Promote agility and work/life balance for employees, we value every individual and support initiatives, promoting.

We love flexibility. You can arrange your work schedule based on your personal needs.

Experience true support for work/life effectiveness and your long-term well-being.

Get a competitive salary and benefits' package.

About us

We produce globally recognized brands, and we grow the best business leaders in the industry. With a portfolio of trusted brands as diverse as ours, it is paramount our leaders are able to lead with courage the vast array of brands, categories and functions. We serve consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ariel®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Herbal Essences®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, Tampax® and more. Our community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide.

Visit http://www.pg.com to know more.

Our consumers are diverse and our talents - internally - mirror this diversity to best serve it. That is why we’re committed to building a winning culture based on Inclusion and our ideal candidate is passionate about the same principle: you will join our daily effort of being “in touch” so we craft brands and products to improve the lives of the world’s consumers now and in the future. We want you to inspire us with your unrivaled ideas.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, marital status, citizenship, HIV/AIDS status or any other legally protected factor.

Immigration sponsorship is not available for this role. As a general matter, Procter & Gamble does not sponsor candidates for nonimmigrant visas or permanent residency. However, Procter & Gamble may make exceptions on a discretionary basis. Any exceptions would be based on the Company's specific business needs at the time and place of recruitment as well as the particular qualifications of the individual.

Procter & Gamble participates in e-verify as required by law.

Qualified individuals will not be disadvantaged based on being unemployed.

Job locations:
Cincinnati, Ohio, United States
Job Type: Full-time
Job categories: Research & Development
Req No: RND00004644
