DESCRIPTION
How would you like to use your engineering experience and join a globally recognized company? If you are passionate about inventing, developing, reapplying, and delivering processes and packing technologies, then this role is perfect for you. You should have the right technical curiosity and understanding to develop new approaches to big problems. Your work will require creativity, innovation, teamwork, and leadership. What does the work look like? Our Product Supply group is responsible for the manufacture and delivery of all our products. It's the bread and butter of what makes P&G such a great company to work for. From the first day on the job, you'll work with cutting-edge technologies, collaborate with our R&D and Manufacturing groups. We're looking for a few different interns in the Product Supply space:

Process Engineers
Converting & Packing Engineers
Control System Engineers
Process Engineers Your work here would include developing innovative solutions geared towards improving our product designs. You'll be building transformation models and evaluating and designing process equipment. We're typically looking for someone from a chemical engineering background for these roles. Converting & Packing Engineers We develop innovative, web-processing, equipment solutions to improve the design of our consumer products like diapers and paper towels. You'll be using 3D digital modeling, throughput simulation tools, and mechatronics to invent new state of the art production systems. A good fit for this role would be someone from a mechanical or electrical engineering background. Packing Engineers This group provides solutions to innovative packaging equipment issues. Kind of like the converting engineers, you would also use 3D modeling, as well as throughput simulation to build the capabilities and efficiencies of our systems. Typically someone here would be an electrical or mechanical engineer. Control System Engineers Do you want to build some cool automation systems, control information networks, or vision and robotic systems? Engineers here use mechatronics and process dynamic simulation tools to create industrial software solutions that enable efficient production. Typically these are electrical, mechanical, or chemical engineering roles.

What we offer you:

Responsibilities as of Day 1 – you will feel the ownership of your project from the beginning, and you will be given specific projects and responsibilities
Continuous coaching & mentoring– We'll help you work with passionate people and also receive both formal training and mentoring from your manager
Dynamic and respectful work environment – employees are at the core; we value every individual and encourage initiatives promoting agility and work/life balance
QUALIFICATIONS
We are looking for:

Candidates seeking a BS/MS degree in Mechanical, Electrical, Industrial or Chemical Engineering are preferred
Other BS/MS majors that may be considered are Environmental and Civil Engineering.
Are 1-4 year away from Graduation (Engineering school/ Universities)
Successful candidates will be willing to travel on the job
Just so you know:

All positions are entry level management interns
Some positions are at our technical centers in Cincinnati, Ohio and will require travel to vendor and manufacturing locations. There are also a number of Engineering positions starting at manufacturing plants across North America.
Procter & Gamble generally seeks to hire individuals that are in good standing at their university and/or field of study, this typically means people with an overall G.P.A. of 2.75 or above on a 4.0 scale.
The duration of our internships is 10 to 12 weeks starting around May or June.
We provide relocation support to get you where we need you.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, marital status, citizenship, HIV/AIDS status or any other legally protected factor.Immigration sponsorship is not available for this role. As a general matter, Procter & Gamble does not sponsor candidates for nonimmigrant visas or permanent residency. However, Procter & Gamble may make exceptions on a discretionary basis. Any exceptions would be based on the Company's specific business needs at the time and place of recruitment as well as the particular qualifications of the individual.Procter & Gamble participates in e-verify as required by law. Qualified individuals will not be disadvantaged based on being unemployed.
MQualificlearly detai
Job locations:
Cincinnati, Ohio, United States
Job Type: Full-time
Job categories: Engineering
Req No: ENG00002265
