Auto req ID: 214096BR
Job Description
The PepsiCo Law Department is seeking a skilled and talented Marketing/Sales Legal Assistant. The position is located in Chicago, Illinois and will support the Marketing and Sales Law Teams for PepsiCo’s North America Beverages division. This role involves general marketing legal assistant support, including reviewing sweepstakes and promotional matters, other advertising matters and assisting with packaging and label review, as well as reviewing sales contracts and some review of supply chain contracts all while collaborating with other members of the Law Department.

Accountabilities – list in priority order the main accountabilities/deliverables of the role, including key measures.

Review of sweepstakes and promotional programs to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements including the drafting of terms and conditions, registration, etc.
Review of digital marketing programs, including programs executed via social media.
Assist in the negotiation and drafting of promotion and sponsorship agreements.
Review of packaging and advertising materials including regulatory compliance of labels.
Assist in the review, negotiation and drafting of sales contracts.
Assist in the review, negotiation and drafting of supply chain contracts.
Main interactions within & outside organization – Key job roles both internally and externally that the job-holder interacts with on a daily, weekly, monthly basis. What is the nature of the interaction?
Continuous communication and interaction with the Marketing and Sales attorney and other legal assistants in the law department in general.
Maintain close communication with Marketing, Communications, Consumer Relations, Regulatory, Sales and other Cross-Functional colleagues.
Interact with outside marketing agencies in the implementation of marketing activations, contests, sweepstakes and promotions.
Interact with outside counsel on marketing, sales and supply chain issues.
#LI-USA
Qualifications/Requirements
B.A. Degree preferred.
3-4+ years of corporate legal assistant experience at a consumer products company and/or top law firm.
Knowledge of promotion, marketing and advertising laws.
Knowledge of FDA labeling regulations a plus.
Experience drafting, reviewing and negotiating contracts. Experience with sales and supply chain contracts a plus.
Attention to detail.
Ability to handle tight time deadlines, prioritize and work well under pressure.
Strong ability to work with minimum supervision and closely with the business.
Ability to communicate with business clients and other members of the law department.
Strong writing skills.
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Superior organizational, prioritization and interpersonal skills.
#LI-USA
Relocation Eligible: Not Eligible for Relocation
Job Type: Regular


All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.

PepsiCo is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Female / Minority / Disability / Protected Veteran / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity

Our Company will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, and all other applicable laws, including but not limited to, San Francisco Police Code Sections 4901 - 4919, commonly referred to as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance; and Chapter XVII, Article 9 of the Los Angeles Municipal Code, commonly referred to as the Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please download the available EEO is the Law & EEO is the Law Supplement documents. View PepsiCo EEO Policy

Please view our Pay Transparency Statement
