Auto req ID: 213022BR
Job Description
We are PepsiCo

PepsiCo is a global food and beverage leader operating in more than 200 countries and territories with a product portfolio that includes 22 world-famous, billion-dollar brands. From Gatorade to Quaker, LIFEWTR to Lay’s, we make hundreds of enjoyable foods and beverages that are loved throughout the world.

Guiding PepsiCo is our vision to be the global leader in convenient foods and beverages by Winning with Purpose. “Winning with Purpose” reflects our ambition to win sustainably in the marketplace and embed purpose into all aspects of the business.

Our employees drive our culture. No two days are the same; we’re dynamic and full of passionate teams embracing new ideas through our collaborative spirit. At PepsiCo, what makes you unique, makes us better!

Functional Description:

Over the course of 10 weeks, interns will lead impactful business projects and gain valuable hands on experience while learning from experienced marketing professionals across one of our three U.S. headquarter locations: Chicago, IL (Quaker Foods, Tropicana, Gatorade); White Plains, NY (Pepsi Beverages); and Plano, TX (Frito-Lay). You will be presented with a real-world business challenge and tasked to think critically and engage with cross functional partners. At the conclusion of the internship you will provide a strategic recommendation in a presentation to the senior leadership team. Interns have great autonomy as well as full support, guidance, and feedback from their managers and the broad marketing organization throughout the internship. The internship serves as PepsiCo’s main talent pipeline for marketing positions and can offer a full-time opportunity upon graduation.

What you can expect:

At PepsiCo you can think like an entrepreneur, but with the global reach and resources to support you. As a Marketing Intern you will be given significant responsibility to create high impact marketing recommendations that enable PepsiCo to achieve short- and long-term strategic business objectives. In addition to core project work, you will develop and demonstrate functional ownership, leadership capability, and business acumen. The internship also provides exposure to best-in-class brands, campaigns, and marketers by means of professional development initiatives and mentorship.

Responsibilities may include:
Partnering with agencies in the creation of brand positioning and communication strategies
Generating brand activation ideas and strategies based on consumer insights
Analysis of brand performance, competitor performance and channel dynamics.
Development of communications plans in support of new product launches and promotional events
Support of innovation teams in consumer analysis, concept development and graphics development
The Summer Experience:

We believe internships are critical to nurturing top talent for our future, so we make them meaningful. Here is some of the experience you can expect to gain:
10-weeks of marketing experience on a core marketing function including but not limited to brand, innovation, shopper marketing, sports marketing
Assigned mentor/buddy
Intern networking events, we hope you will leave with lasting relationships!
Executive leadership exposure
Insight into the many tracks your career can take as a marketer at PepsiCo such as General Management, CMO, and beyond!
Qualifications/Requirements
Minimum Qualifications:
Currently pursuing an undergraduate degree with an expected graduation date between Dec. 2021 and May 2022
Preferred majors: Business or Marketing (Others will be considered)
Have a minimum GPA of 3.0. Please include on your resume.
Interest in working in one of the following locations:
Plano, Texas
White Plains, New York
Chicago, Illinois
This position is limited to persons with indefinite right to work in the United States.

Preferred Candidate Experience and Characteristics:
Proven leadership through extracurricular involvement
Relevant marketing experience (on-or-off campus; either through part time jobs, academic clubs, or volunteer experiences)
Unique experiences that demonstrate creative instinct, passion for marketing and deep consumer empathy
Passion for consumer brands
Familiarity with digital media platforms
Strong analytical skillset with ability to find actionable, pragmatic solutions to complex problems
Ability to adapt in a dynamic and ambiguous environment
Strong drive for results
Intellectual curiosity

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.
PepsiCo is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Female / Minority / Disability / Protected Veteran / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity

Our Company will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, and all other applicable laws, including but not limited to, San Francisco Police Code Sections 4901-4919, commonly referred to as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance; and Chapter XVII, Article 9 of the Los Angeles Municipal Code, commonly referred to as the Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please download the available EEO is the Law & EEO is the Law Supplement documents. View PepsiCo EEO Policy.

Please view our Pay Transparency Statement
Relocation Eligible: Not Eligible for Relocation


All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.

PepsiCo is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Female / Minority / Disability / Protected Veteran / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity

Our Company will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, and all other applicable laws, including but not limited to, San Francisco Police Code Sections 4901 - 4919, commonly referred to as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance; and Chapter XVII, Article 9 of the Los Angeles Municipal Code, commonly referred to as the Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please download the available EEO is the Law & EEO is the Law Supplement documents. View PepsiCo EEO Policy

Please view our Pay Transparency Statement
