Description

Responsibilities

The Project Administrator/Administrative Assistant 2 transcribes, types, formats, and proofreads a variety of material (e.g., correspondence, invoices, contracts, meeting minutes, reports, speeches, and presentations) using word processing, presentation, graphics and spreadsheet software. Coordinates internal and external meetings which may involve scheduling meeting times, making travel arrangements for attendees, and ensuring that various meeting amenities are available. Manages the appointments and schedules of applicable staff. Uses office equipment such as photocopiers, faxes, and printers. Additional responsibilities may include distributing incoming mail, preparing outgoing mail, filing, maintaining office supplies or other inventory. Decisions are typically focus on interpretation of area/department policy and methods for completing assignments. Works within defined parameters to identify work expectations and quality standards, but has some latitude over prioritization/timing, and works under minimal direction. Follows standard policies/practices that allow for some opportunity for interpretation/deviation and/or independent discretion.



Required Qualifications

Associates or Bachelor's Degree
Previous administrative or related experiences
Experience with internet research and proof-reading/editing
Proficient in Microsoft Outlook, Word, and PowerPoint
Ability to manage multiple or competing priorities
Strong attention to detail
Capacity to maintain confidentiality
Strong organizational skills
Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving consumer experiences
Ability to balance multiple initiatives and prioritize workload
Previous Project management
Preferred Qualifications

Associates or Bachelor's Degree
Proficient in Microsoft Excel and Access
Previous administrative or related experiences
Experience with internet research and proof-reading/editing
Additional Information

Interview Format:
As part of our hiring process for this opportunity, we will be using an exciting interviewing technology called Modern Hire Voice to enhance our hiring and decision-making ability. Modern Hire Voice allows us to quickly connect and gain valuable information for you pertaining to your relevant skills and experience at a time that is best for your schedule.

If you are selected for a first round interview, you will receive an email correspondence inviting you to participate in a Modern Hire Voice interview.  In this interview, you will listen to a set of interview questions over your phone and you will provide recorded responses to each question. You should anticipate this interview to take about 15 minutes. Your recorded interview will be reviewed and you will subsequently be informed if you will be moving forward to next round of interviews.

Alert:  Humana values personal identity protection.  Please be aware that applicants selected for leader review may be asked to provide a social security number, if it is not already on file.  When required, an email will be sent from Humana@myworkday.com with instructions to add the information into the application at Humana’s secure website.

Scheduled Weekly Hours

40
