Job Purpose
The Manager, Financial Reporting and Analysis is responsible for overseeing and ensuring accurate, efficient and thorough completion of various accounting and financial reporting tasks.  Manages and prepares certain financial reporting deliverables both internally and externally.  Maintains thorough understanding of current and new accounting and reporting guidance.
Essential Job Duties & Responsibilities
Responsible for the preparation, review and analysis of certain financial reporting processes and regulatory filings for the Company.
Responsible for various financial reporting deliverables.
Manages production of internal monthly management reports.
Participates in the analysis of financial data to evaluate performance of the Company.
Provides direct support and/or oversight for other financial reporting deliverables, as needed.
Assists in research of technical accounting issues and guidance, as needed.
Monitors regulatory and industry developments and trends.
Oversees certain ad hoc accounting projects, as assigned by management.
Other Duties
Other duties as assigned.
Knowledge, Skills & Abilities
Strong knowledge of accounting principles and procedures.
Superior analytical and quantitative skills along with accuracy and attention to detail.
Ability to manage and motivate staff to accomplish departmental objectives.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to interact with all levels of the organization.
Strong organizational skills and the ability to handle multiple priorities.
Ability to meet job requirements with a positive and productive attitude.
Education and Experience
Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or related field required. Master’s degree in Accounting or related field preferred.
5+ years of auditing/financial reporting experience in financial services.
1-2 years of management experience preferred.
CPA preferred.
Experience in financial services industry preferred.
‘Big 4’ auditing experience preferred.
We don't just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Jackson is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. The Company subscribes to and endorses federal and state laws and regulations relating to equal employment opportunity for all persons without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, legally-recognized disability, marital status, legally-protected medical condition, citizenship, ancestry, height, weight, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other factor not related to the needs of the job. The Company is committed to a policy of equal opportunity. Company facilities and campuses are tobacco-free environments.
