Job Purpose
Jackson National Life Insurance Company (“Jackson”) is a leading provider of retirement products.  Jackson distributes products through its broker-dealer affiliate, Jackson National Life Distributors LLC (“Jackson Distribution”). Jackson Distribution includes Jackson’s marketing, product development and wholesaling functions.
The Deputy Chief Compliance Officer, Distribution is responsible for overseeing Jackson Distribution’s compliance with all applicable securities and insurance related laws and regulations. The position reports to the Jackson Chief Compliance Officer and is a senior member of Jackson’s compliance leadership team.
Essential Job Duties & Responsibilities
Develops and supports a strong culture of compliance.
Leads, manages and delivers an effective distribution compliance function involving the management of all compliance issues for advertising and sales material review, FINRA licensing and registration, wholesaler activity and surveillance/monitoring.  Manages a team that handles these issues.
Establishes strong working relationships with internal and external business partners and clients.
Serves as an integral part of the Jackson compliance leadership team, which oversees all compliance functions at Jackson and Jackson Distribution.
Oversees the supervisory network that supports registered associates in Jackson’s call center and the marketing, product development and wholesaling functions.
Identifies and responds to ongoing regulatory changes, implements required policies and procedures and appropriate operational and compliance oversight.
Remains abreast of and anticipates industry trends and potential changes to regulation and/or policies and their impact on compliance programs, monitoring and/or reporting.
Works with management and operational departments to formalize and maintain policies and procedures to ensure that the business complies with applicable federal securities laws and to ensure the appropriate safeguards are in place to prevent, detect, and make corrections to any compliance failures.
Manages the regulatory risk assessment, annual compliance review (Rule 3120/3130) and compliance planning processes.  Maintains a written supervisory procedures manual.
Responds to various SEC, FINRA and state department of insurance inquiries, including local FINRA District office examinations, FINRA Advertising Regulation spot-checks, and SEC/FINRA sweeps.
Provides education/training to operational departments regarding their responsibilities with respect to the compliance program.
Completes and delivers reports to the Jackson Distribution Board of Directors.
Manages the firm’s relationship with FINRA.
Other Duties
Other duties as assigned.
Knowledge, Skills & Abilities
Expert knowledge of the federal securities laws and regulations and FINRA rules, including those pertaining to cash and non-cash compensation.
Extensive broker/dealer compliance experience, including advertising review and filing requirements.
Knowledge of insurance law and variable insurance product regulation is preferred.
Solid foundation of knowledge concerning annuities and life insurance products is preferred.
Demonstrated ability to manage multiple priorities and a team of associates.
Strong customer service and relationship building skills.
Strong research, investigative and interpretation skills.
Ability to analyze data and information and create positive solutions for the firm.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Strong problem-solving skills.
Strong project management skills.
Strong computer knowledge.
Education and Experience
Bachelor’s Degree required. Advanced degree preferred.
10+ years of compliance experience required, preferably as a senior leader within a compliance department.
10+ years of management experience required.
Significant experience with financial industry management, laws and regulations governing broker-dealers, and regulatory filings and reporting required.
FINRA Series 7 and 24 registrations required.
10+ years of broker-dealer compliance or equivalent experience preferred.
Regulatory and Compliance Professional certification preferred.
We don't just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Jackson is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. The Company subscribes to and endorses federal and state laws and regulations relating to equal employment opportunity for all persons without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, legally-recognized disability, marital status, legally-protected medical condition, citizenship, ancestry, height, weight, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other factor not related to the needs of the job. The Company is committed to a policy of equal opportunity. Company facilities and campuses are tobacco-free environments.
