Job Purpose

The Director, Diversity and Inclusion will manage and oversee many integrated facets of internal and external Diversity and Inclusion (D&I) strategy. Major areas of focus will include oversight of support for Business Resource Associate Groups (BRAGs), developing and managing internal D&I training and events, and creating D&I communications. Will function as the operational and analytical point person for tracking progress of company D&I strategy and serve as the data analytics liaison to business units.

Essential Job Duties & Responsibilities
Directly supports and works closely with the AVP Associate Experience, Diversity and Inclusion in developing and executing D&I strategy.
Facilitates the D&I processes across the business, including D&I budgeting and accounting.
Develops and delivers inclusivity training programs across the organization.
Directs and reviews D&I reports with Executive Leadership.
Plans, organizes and executes special events sponsored by the D&I Advisory Council.
Develops content for various D&I reports, internal documents and external publications.
Oversees D&I content for internal and external websites.
Manages diversity and inclusion projects from inception to completion.
Develops enhancements in systems and processes to plan and track progress toward key goals and deliverables.
Develops effective communication of internal and external D&I initiatives and achievements.
Works with HR Talent Strategy to recruit and welcome associates from diverse backgrounds.
Conducts, promotes, advises upon D&I education.
Leads assessment of diversity metrics and results to make recommendations as to the appropriate internal D&I strategy based on benchmark data.
Analyzes and leverages diversity and multicultural market research to drive a comprehensive strategy and collect, analyze and integrate workforce trend data relating to diverse demographics.
Fosters and maintains ongoing relationships with identified professional organizations.

Other duties
Other duties as assigned.
Knowledge, Skills & Abilities
Ability to interact with diverse organizations and cultures, and ability to influence others within and outside of job area.
Strong written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills.
Established knowledge of project development and administrative and system procedure management.
Established knowledge of planning events and managing programs from inception to implementation, including budget preparations.
Proficient knowledge of principles of effective communications, mass media, publicity, advertising, and community relations.
Proficient knowledge of market research sources, quantitative and qualitative data analysis techniques and methodology from various research tools.
Ability to integrate information from a variety of sources with a high degree of complexity
Strong proficiency in data analysis, reporting and presentation preparation using Microsoft Office Suite.
Ability to manage projects and make decisions with a high level of autonomy.
Previous knowledge and/or background related to corporate D&I initiatives preferred.
Ability to manage staff and administer personnel actions including performance and salary reviews, hiring, corrective action and terminations.

Education and Experience
Bachelor’s degree and/or equivalent experience required.
8 years of experience in a similar role required.
Minimum of 5 years’ experience assisting in a Diversity program with a public Company required.
Prior leadership experience required
We don't just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Jackson is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. The Company subscribes to and endorses federal and state laws and regulations relating to equal employment opportunity for all persons without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, legally-recognized disability, marital status, legally-protected medical condition, citizenship, ancestry, height, weight, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other factor not related to the needs of the job. The Company is committed to a policy of equal opportunity. Company facilities and campuses are tobacco-free environments.
