About the position
Timeline:
We review applications on a rolling basis, and we encourage you to apply as soon as you are ready. Our goal is to notify you of your status within 3 weeks after each application period concludes.

Application Periods:
Period 1: July 15, 2020 to September 1, 2020
Period 2: September 1, 2020 to October 1, 2020
Period 3: October 1, 2020 to November 1, 2020
All applications should be fully completed by November 1, 2020

To ensure you are considered for the opportunities you want most, you are only able to apply to 3 positions per recruiting season. All applications must be submitted within one sitting.

Opportunity Awaits!

PGIM’s Institutional Relationship Group (IRG) is looking for an Analyst to join our team as a summer intern.

We are a global team of relationship managers who provide regional coverage to the largest institutional asset owners around the world and develops an understanding of the institutions’ investment needs and goals, then identifies the solutions and strategies from across PGIM’s investment businesses to best meet those needs.

The summer internship is an exciting opportunity for a visionary and talented student to gain insight into the roles of senior investment professionals, marketing, and key client relationship managers. You will experience working in the asset management industry, while directly supporting a client relationship management team.

Who Are You?

You are a spring 2023 graduate who is eager to join PGIM as a 2021 Summer Intern.

This 10-week internship program is designed to provide a meaningful and engaging experience that replicates the experience of being a full-time analyst in the Institutional Relationship Group. You will be part of a small, global client relationship team. Your internship will consist of 10 weeks working with the IRG Project Director on infrastructure, marketing research projects/presentations, management reporting, and collection and maintenance of client/prospect data.

Over the course of the internship, you will work on a wide range of projects that touch various aspects of PGIM, and IRG specifically. You may be asked to work on projects such as:

Managing and maintaining aspects of the client relationship management system(SalesForce)
Crafting a “playbook” of PGIM’s flagship products and their respective PMs and reps
Assisting with market analysis on existing and new regions
Evaluating PGIM’s Assets Under Management (AUM) by region, by client type, by product type, etc.
Determine ‘best practices’ for data collection and reporting to senior management
Utilize market data analysis services to determine key clients/prospects addressable assets
You will develop problem statements and structure problem solving approaches to IRG’s most critical challenges
You will conduct analysis on markets, competitors, and other business items
Establish the fact-base to aid in answering the PGIM senior management’s most pressing questions
Perform client/prospect research using public sources such as Linkedin and investment industry articles
In addition to conducting research and analysis, you will be responsible for presenting your findings and recommendations to senior management. You will also be mentored by PGIM’s senior business leaders and be coached and trained by asset management and strategy experts.


Qualifications
Candidates must be enrolled in an accredited bachelor’s program graduating between December 2022 and May 2023 with concentration(s) in fields requiring critical thinking
Overall GPA: 3.0
Strong analytical skills and a passion for problem solving
Excellent verbal and written communications skills
Demonstrated leadership and teamwork abilities
Executive presence and the composure to interact with senior leaders
Entrepreneurial spirit and ability to work independently
Prudential does not provide visa sponsorship for this position. Successful candidates must possess the requisite US employment authorization to be eligible for consideration
Click here to learn more about PGIM

Our Application Process:

Submit your application.
Receive invitation for first-round digital interviews – Part one includes telling us about yourself via a digital introduction. Part two includes answering pre-recorded interview questions with the business(es) that are advancing your applications(s).
Last step, final round interviews– If selected, you will have the opportunity to meet with us in person or virtually to learn more about our business and culture.
For 2021 early talent roles, our process is designed to help you learn more about Prudential and share your story with us. Digital interviewing allows greater flexibility, enables a quicker interview process, allows us to meet more candidates and share your story with more members of your team. Want to learn more? Click here to review our FAQ’s.

Prudential is a multinational financial services leader with operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. Leveraging its heritage of life insurance and asset management expertise, Prudential is focused on helping individual and institutional customers grow and protect their wealth. The company's well-known Rock symbol is an icon of strength, stability, expertise and innovation that has stood the test of time. Prudential's businesses offer a variety of products and services, including life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds, asset management, and real estate services.

We recognize that our strength and success are directly linked to the quality and skills of our diverse associates. We are proud to be a place where talented people who want to make a difference can grow as professionals, leaders, and as individuals. Visit www.prudential.com to learn more about our values, our history and our brand.

Prudential is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, genetics, disability, age, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Note that this posting is intended for individual applicants. Search firms or agencies should email Staffing at staffingagencies@prudential.com for more information about doing business with Prudential.
