Job Description

FP&A Manager, Nutrition, N. America - Chicago, IL
This is an exempt level position.

Position Summary:

The Financial Planning & Analysis (FP&A) Manager, Nutrition is responsible to provide financial and business support by analyzing data, developing driver based financial plans, drawing conclusions and summarizing insights for leaders globally making critical business decisions. The ideal candidate must be able to leverage their finance skills and experience to effectively partner with and support business leadership in a fast growth environment.


Job Responsibilities:


Coordinate preparation and reporting of annual plan, monthly forecasts, key performance measures, and performance reporting to BU Leaders with BU finance leaders at regional and global levels.
Partner across BU Leaders and finance organization to support key initiatives and drive actions that improve business unit performance.
Completion of the financial forecasts and plans:
Medium Term Finance Plan (5 Year)
Annual Business Plan
Detailed business unit monthly financial forecasts
Monthly performance deck to be used by the EC
Support preparation of weekly BU Nutrition Performance Reviews  and monthly EC Nutrition Performance Reviews
Evaluate assumptions, assess risks and understand variances vs. prior year and vs. plan
Implement performance tracking process and critical metrics for Nutrition business unit and cascading metrics
Support reporting of performance of strategic initiatives with in Nutrition
Support development and management of capital investment plans and budgets
Support standardization and coordination of global Nutrition finance analytics
Perform scenario analysis, sensitivity analysis, benchmarking of business unit performance, forecasts and budget
Coordinate the Business Unit’s annual strategy development and business planning
Prepare materials and provide analytical support for the quarterly earnings calls and ADM Board of Director presentations as pertinent to the Business Unit
Provide analytical support to the business unit teams to understand business drivers of performance and how to improve performance, including intervention suggestions
Provide business partners with support and guidance on financial aspects of commercial negotiations (e.g. analysis of payment terms)
Support financial demands for special projects e.g. acquisitions, divestitures
Partner with business unit as an advocate and educator of returns and EVA

Job Requirements:


Graduated in Accounting, Economics, or Business Administration. MBA is a plus
Minimum of 5-year experience in finance related areas, experience in FP&A, controlling, or accounting is a plus
Strong quantitative and analytical skills
Good communication skills – objective, clear, concise, both written and verbal
Good organizational skills
Experience with visualization of data
Intellectual curiosity and desire to learn about ADM’s businesses
Process improvement and action orientation
Experience on HFM / Business Intelligence / WDesk is a plus
Strong functional understanding of ADM’s operating structure is a plus

Relocation is available with this position.

This position includes a full benefits package including 401k/ESOP, pension, health, life and dental benefits.

ADM is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability and veteran status.

About ADM:

At ADM, we unlock the power of nature to provide access to nutrition worldwide. With industry-advancing innovations, a complete portfolio of ingredients and solutions to meet any taste, and a commitment to sustainability, we give customers an edge in solving the nutritional challenges of today and tomorrow. We’re a global leader in human and animal nutrition and the world’s premier agricultural origination and processing company. Our breadth, depth, insights, facilities and logistical expertise give us unparalleled capabilities to meet needs for food, beverages, health and wellness, and more. From the seed of the idea to the outcome of the solution, we enrich the quality of life the world over. Learn more at www.adm.com

EEOADM is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability and veterans status.
