Job Description

At ADM, we unlock the power of nature to provide access to nutrition worldwide. With industry-advancing innovations, a complete portfolio of ingredients and solutions to meet any taste, and a commitment to sustainability, we give customers an edge in solving the nutritional challenges of today and tomorrow. We’re a global leader in human and animal nutrition and the world’s premier agricultural origination and processing company. Our breadth, depth, insights, facilities and logistical expertise give us unparalleled capabilities to meet needs for food, beverages, health and wellness, and more. From the seed of the idea to the outcome of the solution, we enrich the quality of life the world over. Learn more at www.adm.com.

IT Executive Assistant – Erlanger, KY
This is a full-time, exempt level position.

Position Summary:
ADM seeks an executive assistant to support our senior IT leaders. The position requires a mature, diligent and highly organized person with the desire and ability to provide exceptional support in a fast-paced environment. The successful candidate will have strong business skills and the ability to prioritize effectively.

Job Responsibilities:
The executive assistant will perform a wide range of responsibilities, ranging from routine to complex, while maintaining a calm and confident persona. This individual will:

Ensure confidentiality on all matters
Proactively manage complex and often fluid calendars, taking initiative to resolve scheduling issues as necessary
Assemble and coordinate the preparation of documents
Prepare PowerPoint presentations to be used for internal and external uses
Manage and maintain administrative, reference and follow-up file systems
Coordinate global travel arrangements and handles expense reports
Coordinate and manage meetings and events, as the need arises
Support leaders, at times, during non-standard working hours, during travel, or as company priorities deem necessary
Job Requirements:
The executive assistant will be hands-on and resourceful, possessing a strong work ethic and professional persona in addition to the following:

Track record of outstanding achievement with a demonstrated desire and ability to proactively take on challenging work
A strong spirit of teamwork and cooperation and a proven ability to cultivate and maintain positive working relationships with people at all levels inside and outside of the organization
Maturity, professional demeanor and personal discretion to interact with business leaders and directors
Independent decision making and problem-solving skills with the ability to develop solutions in a logical and systematic way
Excellent communication skills emphasizing writing and speaking succinctly, clearly and effectively
Excellent listening skills with a proven ability to comprehend communication
Excellent organizational and time management skills with an attention to detail and follow-up.
Ability to handle multiple priorities, work under time constraints, and meet deadlines
Demonstrated ability to exercise prudent judgment involving issues of a highly confidential and sensitive nature
Ability to maintain a positive attitude and adapt to changes in environment and responsibilities
Dedication to continuous learning
Proficiency in the Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Calendar, Word, PowerPoint, and Excel) required
A Bachelor’s degree is preferred, but not required, with a minimum of five years of executive assistant related experience or equivalent experience


This position offers a complete benefit package, including 401K/ESOP, pension, health, life and dental insurance.

ADM requires the successful completion of applicable pre-employment drug screen, medical questionnaire and a background check.

ADM is an EOE for minorities, females, protected veterans and individuals with a disability.


About ADM:

At ADM, we unlock the power of nature to provide access to nutrition worldwide. With industry-advancing innovations, a complete portfolio of ingredients and solutions to meet any taste, and a commitment to sustainability, we give customers an edge in solving the nutritional challenges of today and tomorrow. We’re a global leader in human and animal nutrition and the world’s premier agricultural origination and processing company. Our breadth, depth, insights, facilities and logistical expertise give us unparalleled capabilities to meet needs for food, beverages, health and wellness, and more. From the seed of the idea to the outcome of the solution, we enrich the quality of life the world over. Learn more at www.adm.com.

EEOADM is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability and veterans status.
