Job Description

Modeling Center Intern – Champaign, IL
For ADM at Research Park
This is a seasonal position

Position Summary:

The engineering modeling intern will use engineering skills to create models of industrial chemical and biochemical processes that are of current interest to ADM. These models will predict the behavior of unit operations involved in the production of bio-based chemicals, or other agricultural based products, currently used in chemical process industry. Applicants should be proficient at applying chemical engineering principals and knowledge to solve real-life, industrial-scale plant operation and process development challenges. The modeling intern will use modeling languages and environments such as Aspen Plus suite, Excel, Crystal Ball, Python and Visual Basic. The models will be used for process optimization and estimation, and will help to guide process development design and decision-making. The position also involves extensive communication, both written and verbal, with other scientists and engineers at various ADM locations.

Job Requirements:
The ideal applicant will have recently obtained a Chemical Engineering or similar degree or be currently enrolled as a graduate student.
Candidates may also be currently enrolled with senior standing in undergraduate Chemical Engineering curriculum in Fall 2020 or earlier.
The applicant may work either full or part time, and will be required to work a minimum of 20 hours per week, Monday through Friday with a minimum of 75% of hours being worked between 8 AM and 5 PM.
Relocation assistance is not available with this position.
ADM requires the successful completion of a pre-employment drug screen and a background check.


About ADM:

At ADM, we unlock the power of nature to provide access to nutrition worldwide. With industry-advancing innovations, a complete portfolio of ingredients and solutions to meet any taste, and a commitment to sustainability, we give customers an edge in solving the nutritional challenges of today and tomorrow. We’re a global leader in human and animal nutrition and the world’s premier agricultural origination and processing company. Our breadth, depth, insights, facilities and logistical expertise give us unparalleled capabilities to meet needs for food, beverages, health and wellness, and more. From the seed of the idea to the outcome of the solution, we enrich the quality of life the world over. Learn more at www.adm.com.

EEOADM is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability and veterans status.
