The Albertsons Companies are working to become the favorite food and drug retailer in every market it serves. The organization includes 2,230 stores, 27 distribution facilities and 19 manufacturing plants with over 250,000 employees across 34 states and the District of Columbia. The company is privately owned with supermarkets across the country that include: Albertsons, Safeway, Vons, Pavilions, Randall's, Tom Thumb, Carrs, ACME, Jewel-Osco, Lucky, Shaw's, Star Market, Super Saver, United Supermarkets, Market Street and Amigos.

The Accounting team has an opening for a Tax and Licensing Clerk in the Tax Department. This position is located in the National Services Center in Phoenix, AZ.

Qualifications
Intermediate level PC skills with knowledge of Windows & Microsoft software applications
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to organize and prioritize tasks
Detail oriented with a high degree of accuracy
Self-motivated
Ability to complete work with a minimum of supervision under rigid time constraints
Good analytical skills
Two years college with accounting course work or equivalent
Honest and trustworthy, exhibiting sound business ethics
Ability to work in a team setting
Speed and accuracy in 10 key input
Work in a fast paced environment
Responsibilities
Audit invoices for accuracy including retail licenses, permits and real and personal property taxes.
Process Journal Entries to the General Ledger and Account Reconciliations.
Code and enter invoices into accounts payable system.
Research, analyze and make recommendations for disposition of out of balance accounts especially in relationship to real and personal property taxes.
Analyze financial reports and records, making recommendations relative to the accounting for assets and liabilities.
Maintain reconciliation of subsidiary details to general account balances.
Other projects as assigned by supervisor.
AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER
Seniority Level
Entry level

Industry
Financial Services  Accounting
Employment Type
Full-time

Job Functions
Finance
