Purpose

Independently research and analyze laws and regulations applicable to the business such as in the areas of pharmacy regulations, providing capable support and advice to the business and appropriately handling related regulatory violations or matters.

Regarding the area of pharmacy, the paralegal may be required to provide assistance to the pharmacy compliance team, including factual and legal research; fact and document analysis; drafting of compliance guidance, training materials, and routine correspondence; and assisting in proactive tracking of law changes of significance or impact to the business.

Duties And Responsibilities
Both proactively and reactively performs legal and factual research to determine legal requirements and/or company compliance with regulations applicable to the business and provide appropriate advice to the business on such matters.
Assists in investigating and responding to compliance related inquiries.
Assist in compliance with HIPAA and other laws affecting health care organizations, such as the Anti-Kickback Statute, Civil Monetary Penalties Law, and False Claims Act. .
Assists in drafting, distributing, and implementing compliance policies and/or procedural guidance.Assist in preparing training materials for department associates and various business groups within the company.
Receives, documents, and responds to customer complaints on compliance topics.
Handle and resolve various regulatory violations or matters, including the resolution of disputes with third parties or regulatory agencies and negotiating and drafting corresponding settlement agreements.
Other duties as assigned.


Job Requirements
College degree or paralegal certificate and comparable years of applicable experience .Pharmacy or healthcare regulatory background preferred.
Proven planning and organizing abilities.
Demonstrated research and analysis abilities.
Experience working with legal databases (Westlaw/LexisNexis) and internet-based legal resources.
Excellent communication skills.
Ability to interact effectively with personnel in and outside the company to accomplish desired goals.
Proficiency with basic office equipment and software applications appropriate for the job, including Microsoft Office applications.
Familiarity with company structure and operations preferred.
Ability to handle confidential material in a professional manner.


Physical Environment
Most work is performed in a temperature-controlled office environment.
Incumbent may sit for long periods of time at desk or computer terminal.
Incumbent may use calculators, keyboards, telephone, and other office equipment in the course of normal workday.
Stooping, bending, twisting, and reaching may be required in completion of job duties.


The above statements are intended to describe the general nature of work performed by the associate(s) in this job. Specific duties and responsibilities may vary by position. EOE
Seniority Level
Entry level

Industry
Legal Services  Law Practice
Employment Type
Full-time

Job Functions
Legal
