Purpose

Exemplifies and ensures strong customer service in all areas of the job. Provides accurate records of store sales and related transactions while supporting store sales and the overall operating plan. Performs store level cash handling and personnel functions in the absence of the Store Administrator.

Duties And Responsibilities
Responsible for completing the daily reconciliation, accounting, and cash balancing functions (in some areas this may include counting the safe, counting, maintaining and reconciling self-checkout registers, and preparing the tills and deposits).
Monitors cashier accountability and researches and reports problems and shortages to the Service Operations/Customer Service Manager and Store Director, including out of warranty checks, WIC violations, violation of check cashing procedures, cash variances, improper refunds and voids and till balance irregularities, etc.
Administrative duties include the use of various computer programs and e-mail system.
Reports attendance problems to the Store Director and appropriate department manager in a timely manner, including attendance or schedule violations.
Reviews associate time records for compliance with Company policies. Submits and processes payroll on a timely basis. Maintains all Time and Attendance reports, Time and Attendance Correction Forms, schedules and personnel records in compliance with Company guidelines.
Ensures compliance with HIPAA and the confidentiality required under federal and state law.
May coordinate all safety-related activities, including monthly safety meetings. May coordinate service award programs.
Answers and responds to incoming calls appropriately.
Supports front end operations.
Ensures proper cleanliness and neat appearance of the office area.
Responsible for performing all job duties with honesty and integrity, in compliance with Company policies and procedures.


Physical And General Requirements
Must sit for long periods of time, move, bend, stoop, kneel, twist and turn

frequently. Ability to reach, lift and maneuver items of varying dimensions and sizes up to approximately 20 lbs. Manual dexterity and good eye-hand coordination are necessary.
Strictly adheres to confidentiality requirements. Appropriately prioritizes workload. Thorough knowledge of cash balancing, cash handling, company policies, benefits, scheduling tools, payroll processing procedures, training and new associate orientation is required. Must work efficiently through organizational and problem-solving skills.
Requires knowledge of one and two step math calculations (i.e., addition, subtraction, and percent calculations) and basic computer skills.
Operates calculator, telephone, computer software and electronic equipment to order products, performs cash balance, plans and performs personnel functions.
Must possess good written and verbal communication skills and leadership skills, while demonstrating an understanding of Company Core Values as reflected in personal and professional conduct.
Must be friendly, courteous, sensitive and maintain professional demeanor in dealing with customers, co-workers and vendors. Must concentrate and deal with interruptions well, work independently, and take initiative. Good attendance is required. Must comply with appropriate grooming and dress code standards. Mental alertness is necessary to ensure safe and accurate completion of work activities.
Must utilize cleaning supplies.
May be required to work nights, weekends and holidays. Scheduled hours will vary.

WORK ENVIRONMENT
Generally, works in a temperature-controlled office environment.
Occasional travel, including overnight travel, may be required.


Disclaimer

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by associates assigned to this job classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and skills required of personnel so classified.
Seniority Level
Entry level

Industry
Retail  Supermarkets
Employment Type
Full-time

Job Functions
Customer Service
