Job Description
Company:

US1129 FreshPoint Central Florida, Inc., Division of FreshPoint Central Florida, Inc.
Zip Code:

32809
Minimum Level of Education:

Bachelor’s Degree
Employment Type:

Full Time
Travel Percentage:

0
OVERVIEW:

We offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. We’re looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why Sysco is at the heart of food and service.

JOB SUMMARY

This position is a support function within the overall finance department. This position is responsible for collecting, comparing vendor invoices to issued purchase orders culminating in the payment of appropriate funds to suppliers.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Obtain supplier invoices, receiving documents and other supporting documentation then examines, codes appropriately, and posts to the accounting system.
Prepare checks for printing
Prepare hand checks as needed
Handle all supplier A/P queries and follow up
Coordinate and resolves with buyers all cost discrepancies and tracks using a cost discrepancy log.
Other tasks assigned by financial lead.
QUALIFICATIONS
Education

Bachelor’s or Associates Degree in Finance or Accounting Preferred

Experience

Entry-level position

Professional Skills

Proficient computer skills with emphasis on Word and Excel
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Must be able to read, write and speak English
Must be able to analyze data and draw logical conclusions and recommendations from the data
Describe the most important decisions made by this position.
Most important decisions made fully independently:
Proper coding of supplier invoices
Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law.

This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates.
