Job Description
Company:

US6469 Sysco Payroll, Division of Sysco Resources Services, LLC
Zip Code:

77077
Minimum Level of Education:

Bachelor’s Degree
Minimum Years of Experience:

2 Years
Employment Type:

Full Time
Travel Percentage:

OVERVIEW:

We offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. We’re looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why Sysco is at the heart of food and service.

JOB SUMMARY

The Counsel, Employment is responsible for providing legal counsel and risk assessment to Sysco operating companies in the area of employment law matters.  Serves as the primary legal support for a variety of business professionals, such as senior management, operating company executives and Human Resources for designated markets located throughout the U.S. Manages and selects outside counsel for employment litigation. Responds to pre-litigation employment matters and complaints against government agencies.

RESPONSIBILITIES:

Manage and develop strategy for employment litigation assigned to outside counsel and manage associated legal fees.
Develop strategy for and prepare responses to complaints filed with government agencies and other pre-litigation matters.
Participate in cross-functional teams to support the development and execution of enterprise wide initiatives, policies and strategies.
Provide daily advice and counsel to Sysco and its operating companies regarding legal compliance and risk avoidance with respect to employment matters.
Prepare materials and conduct training for internal business clients regarding various employment law matters
Education

Juris Doctorate from an accredited law school
Experience:

5+ years legal experience, including at least 2 years practicing and litigating employment law
Skills:

Excellent verbal/written communication and interpersonal skills with an ability to provide sound, clear legal advice to senior executives and other Sysco senior leaders; Creative problem solving; Aptitude to work collaboratively; Ability to effectively and efficiently manage multiple time-sensitive projects simultaneously; Strong client service orientation.

LANGUAGE SKILLS:
Above-average command of English, both oral and written, and excellent grammar, proofreading, punctuation and spelling skills.

MATHEMATICAL SKILLS:
Above-average arithmetical skills.


PHYSICAL DEMANDS:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this job.
High energy level required. Ability, physically and mentally, to simultaneously handle several tasks.
Candidate must be able to sit for long periods of time and undertake lengthy typing tasks.
Candidate must be able to multitask without error and be able to handle stress in a positive manner.
WORK ENVIRONMENT:

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this job.
An individual should contact his or her supervisor or the human resources department if he or she believes that an accommodation is needed.
Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law.

This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates.
