Job Description
Company:

US0019 Sysco Cincinnati, LLC
Zip Code:

45241
Minimum Level of Education:

High School or Equivalent
Minimum Years of Experience:

4 Years
Employment Type:

Full Time
Travel Percentage:

0
OVERVIEW:

We offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. We’re looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why Sysco is at the heart of food and service.

JOB SUMMARY

This position provides professional administrative support to the assigned leader (s) within departments at Sysco Business Services (SBS).

RESPONSIBILITIES

Creates, edits and proofreads communications, documents, spreadsheets, and presentation slides from rough drafts, notes, or a variety of letters, memos, documents, reports, or technical forms (includes handling of confidential information).
Establishes and maintains positive working relationships with contacts both within SBS and Corporate, and at Sysco operating companies, suppliers, and customers.
Assists supported leader in staff capacity by coordinating office services such as personnel, budget preparation and control, housekeeping, records control, and special management studies.
Schedules conferences, appointments, meetings and travel arrangements for senior staff.
Records minutes of meetings or other sessions and composes summaries to ensure that proper and accurate records of discussions and information are available.
Reads and screens correspondence, daily.
Identifies critical issues within identified parameters and prioritizes correspondence.
Uses MS Outlook to create and maintain calendars, schedule and organize activities such as meetings and department activities.
Utilize MS Visio to create and maintain org charts, process flows, etc.
Assists team with copying, filing, communications, internet research requests, etc.
Processes invoices and expense reports for payment.
Generates and maintains tracking and/or filing systems as required ensuring information is always organized, up-to-date and available when requested.
Anticipates needs and completes special projects as assigned.
Performs other support duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS

Education

High School diploma or equivalent.
Associates degree or equivalent with some related specialized coursework preferred.
Experience

At least 4 years of professional administrative support experience in a professional office environment.
Certificates, Licenses and Registrations

Certified Professional Secretary (CPS) certification preferred, but not required.
Professional Skills

Excellent interpersonal and customer service skills with the ability to communicate verbally and in writing with all levels of associates and external parties including customers and vendors.
Strong detail and quality orientation.
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills; excellent telephone etiquette.
Strong planning and organizing skills, impeccable follow-up and exceptional attention to detail.
Must have the ability to plan and prioritize workload to meet day to day needs.
Demonstrate a sense of urgency and the ability to work in a fast-paced environment.
Working knowledge of the rules of effective English usage, including subject/verb agreement, tenses, and basic grammar.
Maintain confidentiality and exercise discretion concerning confidential and sensitive information.
Able to read and comprehend basic instructions, short correspondence, and memos.
Strong organization, analytical and follow up skills.
Ability to work on multiple projects concurrently and capable of working with little direct supervision.
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite/ software including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook, with an understanding of the use of tables, formatting, formulas, clipart/ graphics, presentations, macros, database development, project tracking, etc.
Outstanding word-processing skills (50 - 60 wpm) and business writing ability.
Accurate and precise proofreading skills.
Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.

Regularly required to sit, stand, walk and use hands and fingers to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and telephone to talk and hear.
Frequently required to sit and reach with hands and arms.
The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds.
Working Conditions

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by associates within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of associates assigned to this job.

Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law.

This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates.

Apply
Share Job
