Job Description
Company:

US0039 Sysco Iowa, Inc.
Zip Code:

50613
Minimum Level of Education:

High School or Equivalent
Minimum Years of Experience:

0-1 Years
Employment Type:

Full Time
Travel Percentage:

Up to 25%
OVERVIEW:

We offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. We’re looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why Sysco is at the heart of food and service.

JOB SUMMARY
This is an outside sales position responsible for promoting the company's products and services and for building relationships with new and existing accounts. The main focus is to help Sysco customers succeed while achieving sales and profit goals established by the company. This position often requires working non-traditional hours (evening, weekends and holidays) to successfully meet customers' needs.

An individual must be able to satisfactorily perform each essential duty listed below. The requirements listed are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Develop new business, penetrate existing accounts, and minimize lost business to achieve profitable sales growth and special objectives within assigned territory.
Seek and qualify prospects following company account stratification goals.
Research customer business needs and develops a mix of products and service to meet needs.
Evaluate market trends and recommend products to customers, based on business needs and goals.
Be informed of market conditions, product innovations, and competitors' products, prices, and sales; share information with customers as part of value-added services provided.
Answer customers' questions about products, prices, availability, and product use.
Provide product information and practical training to customer personnel.
Drive personal vehicle to customer accounts, conventions, company meetings, etc.
Communicate and collect accounts receivable as necessary, working with the credit department and client; collect all balances due based on approved credit terms.
Manage deliveries to the routing schedule published by the transportation department; troubleshoot any problems that occur during the order process (for example, out of stock items, special order items, low inventory, etc.).
Participate in company functions, promotions, customer visits, and customer events.
Attend and participate in general sales and district meetings.
Engage in ongoing training sessions.
Assist with the training of new employees as requested.
Review and analyze daily and weekly reports such as special order requests, customer bid files, and sales/gross profit margin data.
Perform administrative duties, such as preparing sales budgets and reports, maintaining sales records, processing credits, and pick-up requests, preparing sales quotes and menu suggestions, and filing reports.
Other duties may be assigned.

QUALIFICATIONS
Education

High school diploma or general education degree (GED), or 5 years of Foodservice sales experience.
Bachelor's degree in Business, Sales, Marketing, Hospitality, or Culinary Arts preferred.

Experience

6 months of sales, and/or chef/restaurant management experience, and/or related (Business, Sales, Marketing, Hospitality; or Culinary Arts) degree.
1 year of outside foodservice sales experience preferred.
Previous Sysco experience preferred.
Restaurant management / chef experience preferred.

Certificates, Licenses, and Registrations

Valid driver's license with a "clean" driving record (including no single DUI in the last 3 years and no multiple DUIs within the last 7 years)
Current automobile insurance with the following limits of liability: Bodily injury - $100,000 each person and $300,000 each accident; property damage - $100,000 is required

Requirement

Submit to pre-employment testing (Drug Screen, Background Check).
Must sign Sysco Protective Covenants Agreement.
Reside or willing to relocate to the geographical vicinity of territory.

Professional Skills

Basic PC skills and proficiency with MS Outlook.
Ability to read, write, speak English.

Competencies

To be successful in this position, the individual performing the duties must successfully demonstrate the following competencies:

Building Trust
Building Customer Loyalty
Follow-up
Sales Ability / Persuasiveness
Managing Work
Adaptability
Communication

Physical Demands
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.

Regularly required to sit, stand, walk and use hands and fingers to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and telephone to talk and hear.
Frequently required to sit and reach with hands and arms.
The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 pounds.

NOTICE: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature of the environment and the level of work being performed by this job. This job description in no way states or implies that the duties and responsibilities listed are the only tasks to be performed by the employee in this job. The employee will be required to follow any other instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by his or her supervisor.


Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.


This job description supersedes prior job descriptions. When duties and responsibilities change and develop the job description will be reviewed and subject to changes of business necessity.

Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law.

This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates.
