Description:At Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems, we are driven by innovation and integrity. We believe that by applying the highest standards of business ethics and visionary thinking, everything is within our reach – and yours as a Lockheed Martin employee. Lockheed Martin values your skills, training and education. Come and experience your future!

The person filling this position will provide a wide range of legal support including advising key business leaders including program managers, contracting, subcontracting (sourcing), engineering and other program personnel on all aspects necessary to successfully win new business and execute existing programs. The successful candidate will work with program personnel drafting and negotiating prime and subcontract terms and conditions, teaming agreements, non-disclosure agreements, and a variety of other contractual instruments in support of program efforts. The position requires a person with proven business orientation, as well as analytical, verbal and written communication skills, a strong background in Government and commercial contracts and a demonstrated ability to work effectively with multidisciplinary teams and a strong personal and work ethic. Will be required to secure a secret clearance. Current special background clearance, or eligible to receive a special background investigation, a definite plus. Undergraduate and law school, JD or LLB, degrees required. Must be admitted to practice law.
Basic Qualifications:
Strong background in U.S. Government and commercial contracting.
Must be a motivated self-starter who can energize and collaborate with the team, take responsibility for legal projects, with proven ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage a high volume of work.
Desired Skills:
Previous experience as outside counsel and/or in-house counsel.
Experience with teaming agreements, international contracting and offset, financing, export control, Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and aerospace or defense industry is highly desired.
Other Important Information You Should Know
Clearance Level: Secret
Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.
Experience Level: Experienced Professional
Business Unit: RMS
Relocation Available: Possible
Career Area: Legal
Type: Full-Time
Virtual Location: yes
Shift: First
