Description:Looking for a career with purpose? One that challenges your mind, grows your skills and contributes to our Nation’s most critical missions? Do you pride yourself on solving problems that others think are impossible? If you answered yes to these questions, then we would like you to join Lockheed Martin's SPACE Software Systems, Cyber & Operations (S2CO) Team! We develop, deliver, and operate affordable engineering and sustainment solutions for commercial, military and intelligence users across the globe. These mission critical efforts include development of innovative enterprise, cloud and application-based solutions for mission management, command and control, collection orchestration and tasking, processing, data analysis and analytics along with premier operations and sustainment capabilities of space- based programs in support of national security.

This Position is for an Intern in 2021. We are looking for Sophomores in 2020 Academic year interested in starting their Security clearance process for a internship position n the summer of 2021. Successful candidate will be pursing a college degree (BS) in a science or technology related discipline and experience in at least one of these skills or computer language areas: C, C++, C#, Java, XML, Windows, .NET, and LINUX/UNIX, system software and scripting development, Java programming, web development, , Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning, System analysis, System design, Software Design, Software Development and Implementation, Software Test. Candidate will work in a team environment utilizing software methodologies and processes.

Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

Ability to obtain a TS/SCI Clearance required for this role.
Basic Qualifications:
This position is for an internship starting in summer 2021.

In order to provide ample time for the current government security process, we are excited to offer summer 2021 internships!

Acceptable degree programs will include only science and technology related programs such as Computer Science, Systems Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Physics ,Mathematics etc.

Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information, including US Citizenship.
Desired Skills:
Proficiency with one or more of the following software languages: Java, Python, C++, C#. Candidate will have knowledge of basic software practices such as coding standards, unit testing and configuration management, database and System administration. Good communication skills. Strong team player. Candidate will work in a team environment utilizing software methodologies and processes. Familiarity with Agile Development Process a plus. Strong communication skills a results oriented team player, creative thinker and problem-solver and follow all ethical standards of the Lockheed Martin Corporation.
Other Important Information You Should Know
Expression of Interest: By applying to this job, you are expressing interest in this position and could be considered for other career opportunities where similar skills and requirements have been identified as a match. Should this match be identified you may be contacted for this and future openings.
Telecommute: The work associated with this position will be performed at the designated Lockheed Martin facility. Situational telecommuting may be considered and authorized at the discretion of your leader and based upon the role.
Work Schedules: Lockheed Martin supports a variety of alternate work schedules that provide additional flexibility to our employees. Schedules range from standard 40 hours over a five day work week while others may be condensed. These condensed schedules provide employees with additional time away from the office and are in addition to our Paid Time off benefits.
Clearance Level: None
Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.
Experience Level: Co-op/Summer Intern
Business Unit: SPACE
Relocation Available: Possible
Career Area: Software Engineering
Type: Call-In
Shift: First
