Lead Financial Analyst for a global Real Estate transformation that must be able to manage multiple complex priorities and communicate effectively.

The role requires the following:

detailed financial feasibility analysis in coordination with key business partners
ability to think strategically and excel at complex financial analysis
lead and coordinate activities across functions and regions
very strong technical accounting skills and be able to work closely with the technical accounting team to solve complex issues.
Unique mastery and recognized authority on relevant subject matter knowledge including technologies, theories and techniques. Contributes to the development of innovative principles and ideas. Successfully operates in the most complex disciplines, in which the company must operate to be successful. Provides highly innovative solutions. Leads large, cross-division functional teams or projects that affect the organization’s long-term goals and objectives. May participate in cross-division, multi-function teams. Provides mentoring and guidance to lower level employees. Routinely exercises independent judgment in developing methods, techniques and criteria for achieving objectives. Develops strategy and sets functional policy and direction. Acts as a functional manager within area of expertise but does not manage other employees as a primary job function.

Responsibilities:

Highly complex financial analysis exercising a unique understanding of the business to determine the best method for achieving objectives.
Consults with business leaders to guide and influence long- term and strategic decision-making within the broadest scope.
Forecasts financial results.
Leads and advises on the most complex business initiatives, typically leading several analysts across multiple areas within finance and across geographies/organizations.
Drives process improvement and policy development initiatives that impact the function globally.
Represents the business unit during cross-regional or cross- functional planning processes.
Provides mentoring and guidance to analysts.
Education and Experience Required:

First level university degree with a focus in business or economics; advanced degree or accounting certification (e.g., CPA, MBA) strongly preferred.
Typically 10+ years of experience as a financial analyst.
Typically experienced in a variety of finance functions.
Knowledge and Skills:

Excellent understanding of accounting principles and financial analysis.
Excellent analytical skills.
Superior business application skills (e.g., Microsoft Excel).
Superior communication and influencing skills.
Superior teamwork skills
Excellent business acumen.
Excellent project management skills.
