Federal Contracts Manager

Description

Negotiate information technology agreements in the Federal government area.  The contracts manager will independently handle a variety of legal, contractual and compliance issues arising from the business activities of the Federal government area in a high-quality, cost-effective and fully responsive manner.  The Federal Contract Manager is responsible for providing contract support to HP’s Federal Business Sales and Services organizations.  This position is an individual contributor role that is expected to be a key advisor to management on any contractual issues and plan for resolution and mitigate risk and loss of sales to HP.

Specific responsibilities include:

Reviewing and analyzing RFPs; negotiating customer contracts; reviewing, drafting and negotiating various types of agreements, including non-disclosure agreements, teaming agreements, and, product and service agreements.
Reviewing and preparing responses to requests for proposals, requests for quotes, requests for information and similar competitive bid documents from potential and existing customers of HP.
Reviewing and advising on documents prepared by clients, such as statements of work, service level agreements, pricing schedules and customer obligations.
Advising clients on various contractual provisions and issues.
Working with clients to develop resolutions to business disputes.
Negotiating with customers to achieve satisfactory resolution of the disputes.
Focal point for all contractual issues with our customers.
Ensuring compliance with all corporate policies and directives of the General Counsel.
Working with and training clients to help them properly approach and structure transactions.
Working with other internal corporate units in a collaborative manner.
Identification, analysis and communication of risk areas throughout the deal cycle
Reviewing internal policies and provide proactive legal advice to internal groups.
Training internal clients on various contractual provisions, issues, approaches and preferred practices.
Advising internal clients on various corporate policies, procedures, approaches and preferred practices.
Qualifications

Education and Experience Required:

Between 7-10 years of contracts experience involving information technology, business transactions, and contract law issues.
At least 7 years of extensive experience in the Federal government area.
Experience supporting large IT contracts with the Federal Government.
Bachelor's degree (desired).
Extensive experience relating to RFP analysis, proposal submission and negotiation of contracts, subcontracts, task orders and modifications.
Must be a U.S. citizen
Knowledge and Skills Required

Knowledge of industry norms and of the business and legal issues unique to IT products and services.
Prior successful collaboration with program managers and business executives in a rapidly changing business and legal environment.
Solid understanding of the FAR and federal procurement processes
Prior negotiation experience in complex transactions
Possess practical, independent judgment and self-confidence.
Be able and willing to solve challenges; able to work with minimal direction and supervision; proactive, not reactive.
Be involved at the outset and throughout the development of new business arrangements and opportunities.
Exercise sound business judgment.
Superior oral and written communication skills
