The following posting is a pipeline requisition, meant to draw a qualified group of candidates for this job description for future consideration. Qualified applicants will be contacted in concert with the approval and publication of identical, approved positions within HP. Candidates who identify with a group that is historically underrepresented in the technology sector including by not limited to, African American, Latino, Native American, individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply.

Uses ability as a skilled specialist to contribute to the development of new concepts/techniques and to complete assignments/tasks in innovative and effective ways. Expert knowledge on the general/technical aspects of the job. Works on assignments that are highly complex in nature where a strong degree of independent judgment, initiative and technical knowledge are required to resolve problems. Work is completed independently and has ability to handle most unique situations. Frequently determines methods and procedures for new assignments. May supervise the activities of other non-exempt employee.

Responsibilities:

Responsible for performing tactical and strategic administrative support tasks for upper executive level employees of the organization.
Responsibilities include performing various tasks in administrative support at the upper executive level.
These tasks may include, but are not limited to, key records maintenance, compiling data for reports, administrative tasks associated with the budget process, scheduling executive appointments and meetings, calendar maintenance for upper executive level employees, answering/screening/routing telephone calls for upper level executives, preparing expense reports, preparing/editing executive presentations, making travel arrangements, mentoring/leading the general administrative staff of the department/division, and other established general administrative requirements of the organization.
Coordinates the administrative work within the department/division, working with other departments/divisions and companies.
Recognized as the top administrative employee in the department or division.
The work performed by these employees is predominately administrative work that is largely tactical and strategic in nature.
Education and Experience Required:

High school education or equivalent; some college level education highly preferred.
Typically requires a minimum of 9+ years general administrative experience, or equivalent combination of experience and college level education.
Type of Experience Needed:

Advanced general administrative skills/knowledge required at an upper executive level.
Usually works with multiple issues/projects and has the experience/ability to support multiple project administrative requirements.
Regarded as the key administrative employee of the division and is a primary administrative employee in the company.
Specific advanced software skills as required by the division.
