Energy Transfer LP (NYSE: ET) owns and operates one of the largest and most diversified portfolios of energy assets in the United States, with a strategic footprint in all of the major domestic production basins. ET is a publicly traded limited partnership with core operations that include complementary natural gas midstream, intrastate and interstate transportation and storage assets; crude oil, natural gas liquids (NGL) and refined product transportation and terminalling assets; NGL fractionation; and various acquisition and marketing assets. ET also owns Lake Charles LNG Company.

Summary:  Energy Transfer is seeking a Sr. Plant Accountant that will be able to apply their midstream accounting knowledge to assist with the proper setup and performance of the Quorum software suite.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:


Calculate liquid and gas settlements for the generation of producer payments on assigned systems through TIPS.
Generate sales invoices and track payments.  Monthly review of accounts receivable aging relating to specific assets.
Process monthly journal entries and prepare detailed monthly gross margin reports.
Track monthly imbalances by validating measurement volumes against scheduled volumes and against third party pipeline statements.
Process and distribute settlement statements, imbalance statements, operator statements to the appropriate counterparties.
Assist customers with settlement related questions.
Maintain and update company changes and address changes in TIPS.

Requirements:

Education and/or Experience, Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential job duty satisfactorily. The requirements for this position are listed below:

Bachelor’s degree in Accounting
5 - 8 years of related experience required. Midstream experience preferred
4+ years of experience utilizing TIPS preferred
Strong computer skill set required
Position requires teamwork, detail-oriented, organizational skills and good communication.
Required experience is commensurate with the selected job level:

The Specialist/Analyst level requires a Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience and 2-5 years of relevant job related experience
The Senior Specialist/Analyst level requires a Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience and 5-8 years of relevant job related experience
The Lead Specialist/Analyst level requires a Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience and 8+ years of relevant job related experience

Working Conditions:

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.


Usually, normal office working conditions.
Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50% of the time due to prolonged periods of sitting or standing.
Occasional overnight travel may be required. 
