SEC Energy is a single-source provider of natural gas compression equipment, parts and services to all segments of the oil & gas industry. From 50 to 8,000 horsepower, gas, electric or dual drive, SEC is capable of designing and fabricating equipment to meet each customer’s specific operating requirements. SEC also provides production, processing, and treating equipment, and an expansive network of warehouses that service locations across the United States. SEC capabilities expand beyond tradition manufacturing to further include turnkey engineering services, truck-based service technicians, manufacturer parts, and power generation equipment.


POSITION SUMMARY:
This position will be responsible for providing administrative support services to the Production Paint department, as needed, requiring independent judgment with considerable knowledge of administrative processes. Responsibilities of the position will include but are not limited to:



Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential job duty satisfactorily. The essential job duties for this position are listed below:

Provides administrative support to Production Paint.
Maintains and organizes production documents, environmental and VOC usage logs and network files.

Tracks paint inventory and daily usages and enters in SAP.
Runs inventory cycle counts on biweekly basis.
Verifies Paint orders and receivers to insure accuracy and enters into SAP.

Generate weekly hour and financial reports for Production Paint.
Assists production employees with monthly expense reports for approval.

Run daily reports for each employee and distributed to each Supervisor and Manager for daily verification. Monitor reports for inconsistencies and obvious mistakes.

Maintains work order barcodes for each project task. Issue barcodes prior to production work start.

Assists with documentation for production paint and safety.

Arranges travel and prepare itineraries as needed upon request.
Orders office supplies for production.
Performs work that requires a high level of confidentiality and very analytical.

Performs other duties and tasks as needed



Requirements:
Education and/or Experience, Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential job duty satisfactorily. The requirements for this position are listed below:

High school diploma or GED equivalent.

0 – 2 years of administrative experience

 Preferred Skills:

1 – 2 years administrative experience in a fabrication/compression shop related environment.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills with strong interpersonal skills.

Excellent organization skills.

Attention to detail/accuracy.

Ability to work in a fast paced environment.

Flexibility with ability to work in a team setting supporting several people.

Experience with Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint

Experience with SAP and ADP




Working Conditions:

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.

Usually, normal office working conditions.
Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50% of the time due to prolonged periods of sitting or standing.
Occasional visits to industrial/manufacturing settings, which may include exposure to various materials and chemicals, as well as extreme temperature conditions and loud machinery, and require appropriate personal protective equipment.  
