Summary:
This administrative position is responsible for providing support services to the Operations department at the Nederland Terminal.


Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Performs general office tasks including opening and sorting mail, faxing, operating multiple phone lines, office and supply maintenance ordering, filing, general correspondence, meeting coordination.
Responsible for ordering and maintaining inventory of office, cleaning and safety supplies for the terminal
Coordinate the scheduling and catering for all terminal meetings (customer, employee, safety)
Responsible for clerical tasks required in preparation of routine correspondence and reports.
Schedule service for office equipment and copiers
Schedule travel arrangement and submit expense reports for terminal management
Process invoices and payment requests.
Maintain records related to TWIC cards, safety boots, safety glasses and personal monitoring equipment
Maintain records related to terminal fleet vehicles
Participate in terminal emergency response planning and response activities
Other miscellaneous projects and duties as assigned.

Requirements:
Education and/or Experience, Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential job duty satisfactorily. The requirements for this position are listed below:

A High School Diploma or equivalent
0-2 years practical experience as an administrative support professional in a fast paced work environment.
Advanced knowledge of office practices and procedures.
Organizational and prioritization skills, ability to handle multiple tasks, good communication skills with both internal and external customers.
The ability to work in a team environment as well as independently.
Excellent interpersonal, oral and written communication skills, required.
Solid computer skills utilizing MS Office Suites (Word, Excel & Power Point) and familiarity with various management systems including SAP and APTTUS.
Preferred Qualifications:

Previous experience supporting an executive / senior level manager, highly preferred.
Notary.

Working Conditions:

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.


Usually, normal office working conditions.
Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50% of the time due to prolonged periods of sitting or standing.
Occasional visits to industrial/manufacturing settings, which may include exposure to various materials and chemicals, as well as extreme temperature conditions and loud machinery, and require appropriate personal protective equipment.
