MORE ABOUT THIS JOB
Corporate Treasury Engineering team is looking for world class software engineers to work closely with Corporate Treasury business partners and help improve liquidity projections/optimizations, financial resource allocation and management, cash and collateral management and funds transfer pricing and execution strategy. This is a one of a kind front to back integrated group that explores new ideas of optimizing firm liquidity position and also execute on the strategy, all in one team. The team is divided into five pillars each with its specific mandate. Whether you like to spend your energies into thinking about the scalable big data architecture, understanding the inventory and liquidity usage optimization algorithms or working with Traders directly on execution of trades and risk management, we have it all for you.



Corporate Treasury lies at the heart of Goldman Sachs, ensuring all the businesses have the appropriate level of funding to conduct their activities, while also optimizing the firm’s liquidity and managing its risk and being part of the engineering team will expose you to everything that’s important and happening the firm. The scale of the liquidity optimization and execution problem keeps us interested every day and we hope to share our enthusiasm and challenge with you.



YOUR IMPACT:



Our Corporate Treasury Engineering team is a world leader in developing quantitative techniques and technological solutions that solve complex and commercial business problems. We partner with our firm’s treasurer and businesses, including new growth areas like Marcus and Corporate Banking, to implement a new strategic real-time liquidity platform. You will be involved in Front-to-back liquidity modelling on an event bus that will provide uniformity in all liquidity data that uses Spark for complex liquidity calculations. Clustered HTAP databases provide a high performance, scalable liquidity store. The platform will support a central execution capability to move assets around the globe to meet business obligations and facilitate significant optimization and automation capabilities.



In this role, you will be provided unique insight into the firm’s business activities and asset strategy. You will be responsible for defining, developing software’s to analyze data, built metric calculators, automated tools to help business get insights into data, predict scenarios and perform better decision making to reduce interest expenses for the firm. This front to back model gives software developer’s window into all aspects of CT planning and execution while working on cutting edge industrial technologies.

RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS
HOW YOU WILL FULFILL YOUR POTENTIAL:

Translate business and technical requirements into well-engineered business applications based on object oriented design.
Interface with internal clients/end users and other development teams
Participate in the full SDLC for software written with Java, SQL, RESTful web services, JMS messaging and web UIs.
Opportunity to work on No-SQL database, micro-services and AI Technologies


SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE WE ARE LOOKING FOR:

Bachelor Degree
2-5 years of experience with object orientated programming in Java
2-5 years of experience of relation databases or no-sql databases
Experience working in Agile environment
Strong analytical skills to perform complex functional and technical analysis
Strong communication skills


PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Experience in payments or liquidity management
Front-end skills in Angular JS or REACT
Experience with messaging, e.g. Kafka, and event streams
Experience with Spark
Experience in Big Data and Machine Learning
ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS
ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS

At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world.

We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GS.com/careers.

We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://www.goldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability-statement.html



© The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2020. All rights reserved.
Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity
