MORE ABOUT THIS JOB
Associate with Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC in New York, NY.



Work Schedule: 40 hours per week (9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.)

RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS
Duties: Associate with Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC in New York, NY. Pitch, structure and execute syndicated bank and bond financings for non-investment grade companies in the healthcare (HC) sector. Generate ideas / topics for client meetings with new and existing clients (e.g. assisting clients in identifying potential opportunities and financing alternatives) and communicating those ideas with internal deal teams and client representatives. Prepare proposals, presentations and memorandums to pitch financing ideas to potential clients. Communicate with senior client executives, legal counsel, rating agencies and other financial advisors regarding all aspects of a financing transaction, including financial / credit analysis, covenant review, marketing, pricing and closing. Analyze financial statements, debt and equity filings and documents, financial projections and models prepared by clients in various formats. Coordinate with internal groups to obtain approvals necessary to conduct business with municipal entities including: credit, capital committee, legal, compliance. Manage live deal execution, including running due diligence processes, negotiating legal documents with lawyers and clients (including commitment papers), organizing and attending rating agency presentations and deal roadshows and liaising other investment banks and other parties within the investment banking division. Lead dialogue when liaising with senior bankers and various product experts throughout the firm. Lead, guide and coordinate the work of more junior professionals on the deal team. Coordinate work and schedules with senior members of the deal team and prioritize tasks in order to meet conflicting deadlines for various unrelated deal teams. Recruit, train and mentor junior bankers in the group and division.



Job Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Finance, Economics, Mathematics, Financial Engineering or related. Two (2) years of experience in the job offered or related investment banking finance position. Must have two (2) years of experience with: Executing syndicated debt financing transactions in excess of $200 million for non-investment grade companies in the Healthcare sector; Generating ideas/topics for client meetings to identify potential opportunities and financing alternatives and communicate those ideas with internal deal teams and client representatives; Performing fundamental credit analysis to determine how much debt a company can reasonably service and conducting due diligence; Analyzing the client’s covenant constraints and structuring any proposed financing to reflect the clients’ covenant flexibility; Developing client presentations (using MS PowerPoint) and complex financial models (using MS Excel); Building and reviewing financial models, including operating models, pro forma merger analysis, and DCF and LBO models; Presenting to senior client executives, legal counsel, rating agencies and other financial advisors regarding all aspects of a financing transaction, including financial / credit analysis, covenant review, marketing, pricing and closing; Managing live deal execution, including running due diligence processes, negotiating legal documents with lawyers and clients, organizing rating agency presentations and deal roadshows and liaising with other investment banks and internal parties; Guiding and reviewing the work of more junior professionals of the deal team; and Coordinating work and schedules with senior members of the deal team and prioritizing tasks to meet conflicting deadlines. FINRA Series 79 and 63 licenses required. May require travel (5-10%) for in-person client meetings to pitch new business, conduct due diligence or collaborate on shared work product.



ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS
ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS


At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world.

We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GS.com/careers.

We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://www.goldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability-statement.html



© The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2020. All rights reserved.
Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity

Apply
Email a Friend
