MORE ABOUT THIS JOB
LEGAL



We work at the intersection of finance and law, providing counsel and advice that support activities across the firm. We handle litigation and arbitration, perform research and due diligence, aid in financing and legal filings, deal with contracts and intellectual property rights that show our commitment to clients, shareholders, and regulators. Whether you’re an experienced attorney or a quick learner with a strong interest in financial law coupled with critical thinking skills, our dynamic group might be right for you.

RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS
We work are looking for an experienced attorney to join the firm’s Global Bank Regulatory Legal team, which covers the firm on all U.S. banking laws, as well advises on the overall firm entity strategy.  As a financial institution that continues to evolve and grow, businesses that are always focusing on the next opportunity and new technology, which introduce novel and challenging issues and projects.



This attorney will be involved in advising on all aspects of legal, regulatory and compliance matters related to U. S. bank regulatory matters, including Regulation W, Regulation K and Regulation Y.  The work includes serving as the primary Legal stakeholder on large working groups, managing projects, advising on new regulations and engaging with the firm’s advocacy efforts.



Essential Responsibilities:

Draft and review regulatory communications and applications
Advise Goldman Sachs Bank on day-to-day bank regulatory issues and broader entity strategy
Liaise with attorneys across the Legal Department on bank regulatory issues
Assist in drafting of policies and procedures, as well as trainings
Engaging assistance from and working with external counsel, as needed
Attend various business risk and control meetings as a key stakeholder
Experience and Educations:

Juris Doctor degree from a top law school
7+ years of experience at a large law firm and/or in-house at a financial institution
General knowledge of US bank regulations required
Experience in capital markets or M&A matters a plus
Background or demonstrated interest in technology a plus
Excellent speaking and presentation skills
Highly responsive, with as strong sense of urgency, and multi-tasking skills
Excellent time management skills, ability to handle multiple internal clients and projects​
ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS
ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS


At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world.

We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GS.com/careers.

We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://www.goldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability-statement.html



© The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2020. All rights reserved.
Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity

Apply
Email a Friend
