CONSUMER AND INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT DIVISION (CIMD)

The Consumer and Investment Management Division includes Goldman Sachs Asset Management (GSAM), Private Wealth Management (PWM) and our Consumer business (Marcus by Goldman Sachs). We provide asset management, wealth management and banking expertise to consumers and institutions around the world. CIMD partners with various teams across the firm to help individuals and institutions navigate changing markets and take control of their financial lives.



PWM

Goldman Sachs Private Wealth Management (PWM) specializes in creating comprehensive wealth management plans for high net worth individuals and families, as well as select institutions, including foundations and endowments. PWM Teams work one-on-one with clients to advise and deliver customized strategies drawn from our deep investment experience, diverse wealth management capabilities and global reach. Our Private Wealth Advisors (PWAs) deliver an unparalleled investment platform inclusive of the full product and service offerings of Goldman Sachs and beyond, which may include tax and estate planning, philanthropic planning and private banking and lending services. As client needs evolve, this close relationship allows the team to offer complementary services and new opportunities by leveraging the resources of Goldman Sachs and beyond

RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS
Responsibilities:

Provides administrative support in a team environment
Coordinates complex, senior-level internal/ external meetings and conference calls.
Handles a high volume of phones calls and interacts with high level business leaders in a professional and effective manner.
Responds and follows up on client requests.
Maintains complex and extremely detailed calendars and prioritizes meeting requests and related logistics.
Coordinates a high volume of domestic travel arrangements and processes expense reports.
Prepares and distributes regional correspondence, letters, reports or other documents as requested.
Maintains understanding of firm policies and handles certain issues independently.
Manages monthly invoices and arranges for payment.
On-boards new hires, processes new employees, transfers, termination, etc.
Responsible for participation in general administrative duties (copying, filing, faxing, archiving), ad-hoc projects, committees and or group events.
Orders supplies and keeps inventory well-stocked.


Qualifications:

Requires excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
High attention to detail.
Ability to maintain high standards despite pressing deadlines.
Ability to solve problems quickly and efficiently.
Ability to handle highly sensitive, confidential and non-routine information.
Self-starter with excellent anticipation skills; problem solving; follow up.
Demonstrated dependability and sense of urgency about getting results.
Demonstrates high degree of integrity and confidentiality.
Strong organizational skills.
Comfortable working with people at all organizational levels.
Comfortable working in a sometimes hectic, high pressure environment.
Ability to display a consistent, professional degree of communication
Must have excellent judgment; independent thinker and resourceful.
Proficiency in MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook.
Team player with a positive attitude.
Prefer 3+ years of experience.
HS and/or AA required, BA or BS preferred
ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS
CONSUMER AND INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT DIVISION (CIMD)
The Consumer and Investment Management Division includes Goldman Sachs Asset Management (GSAM), Private Wealth Management (PWM) and our Consumer business (Marcus by Goldman Sachs). We provide asset management, wealth management and banking expertise to consumers and institutions around the world. CIMD partners with various teams across the firm to help individuals and institutions navigate changing markets and take control of their financial lives.



ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS

At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world.

We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GS.com/careers.

We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://www.goldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability-statement.html



© The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2020. All rights reserved.
Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity

Apply
Email a Friend
