POSTING DATE:  Aug 3, 2020
PRIMARY LOCATION:  Americas-United States of America-New York-New York
EDUCATION LEVEL:  Juris Doctorate
JOB:  Attorney
EMPLOYMENT TYPE:  Full Time
JOB LEVEL:  Executive Director

DESCRIPTION
Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment management and wealth management services. The Firm's employees serve clients worldwide including corporations, governments and individuals from more than 1,200 offices in 43 countries.


Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is one of the largest retail broker-dealers and serves the needs of individuals and small and mid-sized institutional clients through a network of approximately 16,000 financial advisors located throughout the U.S.


As a market leader, the talent and passion of our people is critical to our success. Together, we share a common set of values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethic. Morgan Stanley can provide a superior foundation for building a professional career – a place for people to learn, achieve and grow. A philosophy that balances personal lifestyles, perspectives and needs is an important part of our culture.



Morgan Stanley is seeking a coverage attorney within the institutional securities (investment banking and global capital markets) legal group, focusing on capital markets transactions across equity, fixed income and leveraged finance markets.  Knowledge of the U.S. securities laws, and related rules and regulations, required.  Knowledge of the lending loan market helpful, though not required.  Experience with underwriting and other capital markets documentation.  In addition, attorney will advise on disclosure, execution, risk, policy and commitment committee matters, as well as work on other related projects.  Opportunity to take on engaging work, with direct responsibility, and to support leading capital markets and investment banking businesses.  Vice President or Executive Director-level position.



QUALIFICATIONS


Qualification:

Self-motivated, team-player.
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills.
Strong work ethic.
5+ years (law firm and/or in-house) direct capital markets legal experience.
New York State bar admission / license. 
