JOB DESCRIPTION
Description



Since 1925, Caterpillar has been helping our customers build a better world – making sustainable progress possible and driving positive change on every continent.  With 2019 sales and revenues of $53.8 billion, Caterpillar is the world’s leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and diesel-electric locomotives. Services offered throughout the product life cycle, cutting-edge technology and decades of product expertise set Caterpillar apart, providing exceptional value to help our customers succeed. The company principally operates through three primary segments – Construction Industries, Resource Industries and Energy & Transportation – and provides financing and related services through its Financial Products segment.  For over 90 years, Caterpillar has been making sustainable progress possible and driving positive change on every continent. Here you’ll find challenges that excite you and development opportunities to build a lifelong career.









We are seeking an in-house legal counsel for a 12 month fixed term position to support Caterpillar’s businesses across Australia, New Zealand and the South Pacific.  A successful candidate who impresses may be offered an ongoing position at the end of the initial term (subject to Caterpillar’s business needs).







 Responsibilities expected to include:



providing strategic advice in connection with all aspects of Caterpillar’s business (including supply of mining, construction, gas turbine, marine and rail products and services) across Australia, New Zealand and the South Pacific

drafting, reviewing and negotiating contracts with Caterpillar’s customers, dealers, suppliers and other business partners

managing litigation

supporting various legal compliance initiatives

working closely with key business stakeholders and other in-house legal staff located around the world

engaging and working with external advisers



Qualifications



Qualifications / Requirements:



qualified to practice law in Australia without supervision
minimum 3 years post-qualification experience in a well-regarded commercial law firm or in-house team
strong commercial law experience, with a focus on drafting, reviewing and negotiating complex contracts
ability to manage competing priorities and time pressure, and to operate with a high level of autonomy
excellent interpersonal skills, personal accountability and work ethic
ability to undertake occasional domestic and international business travel


The successful candidate will be based at Caterpillar’s Australian headquarters in Tullamarine, Victoria.  You will be part of a large legal team that spans the globe as well as a close-knit local legal team.  You will report to Caterpillar’s lead counsel for Australia.
