JOB DESCRIPTION
Description

For nearly 90 years, Caterpillar Inc. has been making sustainable progress possible and driving positive change on every continent. Customers turn to Caterpillar to help them develop infrastructure, energy and natural resource assets. Caterpillar is the world’s leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and diesel-electric locomotives.


We don't just build great products, we pair them with the newest digital technologies and analytics to solve problems and anticipate customer needs. We are bringing our industry into the Age of Smart Iron. A lasting legacy of talented and committed employees give Caterpillar its competitive edge. It is our team that has allowed this company to accomplish great things. From the construction of the Hoover Dam, to earthquake relief in Indonesia, our employees have never failed to give customers enduring results through superior service and innovation.

Engineering Internship Program Details:

Caterpillar's Corporate Engineering Intern program is seeking students currently enrolled in a four-year university, to work side by side with engineering professionals to learn and apply themselves on project work within their teams.

Interns are empowered with assignments that provide them with experience and significant opportunities for learning. In addition to this work, Interns are able to network with leaders throughout the company to learn about areas of Caterpillar outside of their assigned team.

Students have the opportunity to deepen their business skills in their assignment through team and/or business partner interactions, develop and conduct presentations, and measuring their success through the performance and evaluation process.

Caterpillar’s Corporate Intern Program has internship positions in the following areas:

Design: Brainstorm concepts for new components, systems, methods to power and propel equipment and much more.  Partner with simulation and test experts to vet your concepts, then see them progress through our manufacturing to a final product ready to help our customers build a better world.



Test:  Take a design engineer's concept and put it to work to collect data, verify performance, and contribute to design enhancements.  Our test engineers "play" in both the lab and field environments (giant sandbox, anyone?) and have access to advanced equipment and tools.

Simulation: Develop and apply advanced computational models to understand, verify, and improve the design of components, systems, products and processes.


Research: Support and enhance Caterpillar product performance, durability, reliability, quality and serviceability. The research function works in conjunction with business partners to lead the development and deployment of technology into products and services to deliver customer value,



Controls  Coordinate the development and testing of controls systems and software for our entire product line.  This may include overall architectural design of software structure and functionality, requirements development, coordination of verification and validation software.



Summer 2021: May 17, 2021 – August 6, 2021

This is a 40 hour per week assignment, lasting 12 weeks.

Besides exciting work, Corporate Interns will experience:
• Comprehensive internship orientation
• Tours of state-of-the-art manufacturing and research facilities
• Product Demonstrations
• Various social events
• Networking with leadership
• Business skill building
• Career discussion with leaders and experts
• Paid holidays and more!

Applicants will be considered for positions throughout the United States.






Qualifications

Please attach a copy of your resume and an unofficial copy of your transcripts, to your application.



Internship Program Qualifications:

Must be enrolled full time at a 4-year accredited university/college and pursuing an Engineering or Engineering Technology Degree
Minimum 3.0/4.0 Cumulative Grade Point Average (no rounding) at current institution
Expected graduation date of August 2021 and beyond
Must be able to relocate to Peoria, IL area or indicated work location for duration of internship, and complete daily work commute using reliable transportation.
Top Candidates will also have:

Currently enrolled in one of the following degree programs: Chemical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Mining Engineering, Robotics, Agricultural Engineering.
Leadership experience
Involvement with design competition teams in college such as (Baja SAE, Robotics, etc)
Previous technical internship, co-op, or research/relevant experience
Familiar with company policies and procedures
Caterpillar is not currently hiring individuals for this position who now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status; however, as a global company, Caterpillar offers many job opportunities outside of the U.S. which can be found through our employment website at www.caterpillar.com/careers.



Caterpillar is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EEO).



EEO/AA Employer.  All qualified individuals- including minorities, females, veterans and individuals with disabilities- are encouraged to apply.



For more information, visit caterpillar.com. To connect with us on social media, visit caterpillar.com/social-media.
