What You'll Do
We are seeking an experienced risk and insurance management professional to influence and craft Cisco’s risk and insurance strategies. To deliver results, you will work in cross-functional partnerships to evaluate operational and hazard risks of the company and develop recommendations for implementing strategic risk mitigation and risk transfer program strategies.

Assist the Director of Global Risk Management in the integrity, architecture and placement of global insurance programs, service programs and claims administration. In this role you will

Conduct assessments of risk exposures in partnership with Cisco’s business units and initiative
Set risk management strategies and direction based on evaluations of insurance coverage and alternatives, analysis of insurance market
Knowledge of Professional Liability Errors and Omissions/Cyber programs, strategies and insurance placements relating to Cisco’s products and services including Cloud and Security business initiative
Develop loss exposure analysis with business partners for property, business interruption and cargo risk
Support management of Third-Party Administrators for Worker Compensation claim
Conduct active assessments of M&A activity for pre and post integration
Support GRM team in contract reviews of insurance provisions.
Who You'll Work With
Global Risk Management (GRM) is a small, yet influential team within the Treasury organization responsible for setting Risk and Insurance program strategies aligned to Cisco’s strategic initiatives. The team works as a partner with Cisco business units.

Who You Are
To execute interpersonal strategies as a driven advantage, you have strong communication and influencing skills, and a validated ability to work cross-culturally and cross-functionally. In this role, you will conduct assessments of risk exposures in partnership with Cisco’s business units and initiatives, assess loss exposures, and set risk management strategic direction based on evaluations of insurance coverage and alternatives for risk transfer.

Minimum Qualifications:
A minimum of 10+ years of meaningful experience running/leading others in commercial insurance and/or risk management required.
Extensive knowledge of and experience in commercial insurance programs.
Financial and Business Acumen – knowledge, skills and understanding, of business process, tools and concepts required to make sound decisions.
Conduct Risk Identification and Quantification assessments
Assist in program management of contract reviews of insurance provisions
Highly developed interpersonal and communications skills
College Degree (Bachelor, Masters) - technical or business
Possess excellent Word, Excel, and PowerPoint proficiency and knowledge of Risk Management Information Systems
Desired Skills:
Outstanding Communication and Influencing skill
Confirmed Ability to work cross-culturally and cross-functionall
Executing Interpersonal Strategies as a competitive advantag
Adapts well to and initiates change in the organization to optimize risk
