What You'll Do

This is primarily a sales support position.  You will support of a number of customer accounts within the Global Enterprise Segment and be part of a team negotiating with our customers a variety of complex engagements in a challenging and fast-paced work environment.

Who You'll Work With

The Global Enterprise Segment (GES) Legal team provides legal support for approximately 500 U.S-based GES accounts. We are a small team with a big attitude, passionate about driving our clients’ business, solving our customers’ problems, and accelerating Cisco’s transformation. We take incredible pride in our ability to do more for less and be agents of change for our clients.

Who You Are

You are an effective communicator, remain calm under fire, and possess great negotiation, people and time management skills. You are comfortable and confident dealing directly with customers, in-house and outside counsel. You work well independently and have a sense of ownership of your work but are quick to jump in the trenches and help your colleagues. You love to collaborate with a high energy, talented, and fun team of professionals. You are open-minded and eager to learn to do things differently. You are fun

Primary Responsibilities:

You will structure, draft, and negotiate contracts for our GES customers
You will work cross-functionally to support and manage the contractual processes
You will be the first point of contact on all legal issues while providing ongoing business advice and counsel.
Minimum Requirements:

A minimum of 5+ years of experience practicing law or in contract management/negotiation role with strong sales contract, drafting and negotiation skills.
Direct experience negotiating complex business and licensing transactions.
Solid experience doing SaaS and/or XaaS transactions.
Strong communications and "soft" skills, including the ability to present complex issues in a clear and concise manner.
Understanding of, and relevant experience in, intellectual property law, commercial contracts and business law.
Creativity and problem-solving skills.
Strong leadership skills and willingness to collaborate, learn, share knowledge, respond quickly to urgent matters and execute proactively.
Why Cisco

At Cisco, each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference.

Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people.

We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better.
We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices.
We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities.
Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! #WeAreCisco



Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis.


#LI-DS1
