What You'll Do
In this role, you will provide support for calendaring, travel, expenses, along with management and oversight of special projects, as needed. To perform these tasks effectively, you will be expected to become familiar with the products, people, and organizational dynamics within Cisco's ET&I, Incubation Research and Engineering team.

You will be encouraged to understand how to handle, with a great degree of independence, incoming asks for time, meetings, resources and other needs from the Directors. In addition to supporting the Directors, you will also provide support to two other Director’s on the team. You will be responsible for determining when to refer matters to others, and to whom they should be referred. You will be responsible for following up to ensure accurate disposition, and make sure nothing falls through the cracks. You will become a core member of the team, attending monthly staff meetings and quarterly all team meetings.

Calendar Management: Manages calendars by prioritizing schedules and meetings. For example, may decide who gets on principal’s calendar, which meetings are attended, and who can attend in her place.
Meeting Planning and Organizations: Assists in planning and organizing meetings by taking responsibility for assembling the agenda, location, meeting technology (WebEx, TP) based upon participant needs, and all other meeting logistics. May further prepare meeting briefing documents by taking and disseminating notes and formulating post meeting action item lists.
Correspondence/Approvals: Support by acting as proxy for communications and approvals as authorized. Answers general questions as necessary and refers (filters) routine matters to appropriate parties and follows up to ensure accurate disposition.
Travel: Responsible for making travel arrangements for the principals. Carefully considers and decides the optimum travel arrangements and itinerary for calendared meetings while managing Cisco expenses.
Special Projects: Provides analytical support to assist Executive on special projects. Researches issues, analyzes problems, compiles data, and prepares reports.
In addition to the general administrative duties of an Administrative Assistant, daily tasks are carried out at a higher level of complexity. This includes researching issues, analyzing problems, determining approaches, compiling data and preparing reports. Due to the frequent engagement of the team across Cisco as a whole, this individual will work with and coordinate activities with other EA's and executives in Cisco. Work is generally of a critical and confidential nature.

Who You'll Work With
We innovate in all facets of our work, from understanding our strategy and how we achieve our business objectives

Who You Are
Minimum Qualifications

6+ years’ experience in an administrative environment. A minimum of two years of experience supporting a principal who was at the Director level and above.
Ability to work in San Jose office.
Great attention to detail and the maturity to handle confidential information
Advanced knowledge of Mac/Windows desktop computer applications: Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint.
Cisco Experience Required
Desired Skills
Past work experience in the high-tech industry is desired; prior Cisco experience preferred.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills including the ability to communicate with all levels of Executive/Senior staff and clients.
Collaborative style, with excellent teamwork.
Champions improvements. Solves problems and makes decisions. Demonstrates leadership.
Works in an organized and disciplined manner.
Advanced desktop calendar management program experience.
AA Degree desirable.
Why Cisco
At Cisco, each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference.

Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people.

We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better.
We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities.
Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! #WeAreCisco
