ROLE SUMMARY

We are seeking a highly motivated synthetic chemist who will contribute to the Oncology Medicinal Chemistry Department at Pfizer Worldwide R&D LaJolla, CA.  As part of this group, the successful applicant will contribute through innovative synthetic chemistry to the delivery of clinical candidates aligned with the Oncology Research portfolio.

ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES

Assist in the refinement and execution of synthetic routes, including the development of modular routes for rapid analog generation and efficient scalable routes for preclinical candidates, based on discussions with supervisor and team members
Employ enabled routes to synthesize medicinal chemistry targets in singleton or parallel format
Build effective partnerships with other research lines, in particular analytical, technology, pharmaceutical sciences and process chemistry groups, to efficiently execute synthetic deliverables
Actively participate in discussions and present results in chemistry team meetings
Adhere to all company safety and compliance requirements.
QUALIFICATIONS

Bachelor’s degree in chemistry
Completion of two semesters of Organic Chemistry
Basic understanding of reaction mechanisms and reactivity
Familiar with standard laboratory techniques and has a working knowledge of purification methods and characterization of organic compounds, especially NMR and mass spectroscopy
Ability to effectively communicate (oral and written) with supervisor and project team members
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

Synthetic organic chemistry laboratory experience either through undergraduate research or internships in industry.
Other Job Details:

Eligible for Employee Referral Bonus
Sunshine Act

Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations.  These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider’s name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure.  Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act.  Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government.  If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.

EEO & Employment Eligibility

Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status.  Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA.  Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.

Research and Development
