Description

SHIFT: No Weekends

SCHEDULE: Full-time

West Florida Healthcare is a 515 bed facility and proud to be the area's leading health care facility in quality outcomes performance. In addition to receiving an A Rating in Patient Safety from the Leapfrog Group since fall of 2015, West Florida Healthcare is also the area's first Accredited Chest Pain Center and Breast Imaging Center of Excellence. West Florida Healthcare is also the first hospital in the state of Florida to have earned Atrial Fibrillation with Electrophysiology Services Accreditation. In addition, West Florida Healthcare is an Advanced Primary Stroke Center and offers specialized Emergency Department services tailored specifically to the needs of seniors as well as a Kids' ER dedicated to serving the emergency medical needs of children. The West Florida Healthcare campus includes the acute care hospital, the area's only comprehensive, CARF-accredited physical rehabilitation hospital, and a behavioral health facility. Affiliated with HCA, the nation's leading provider of healthcare, West Florida Healthcare meets the community's healthcare needs in major services such as cardiology, cardiovascular surgery, oncology, orthopedics, robotic-assisted surgery, critical care, neurology/neurosurgery, emergency care, urology, behavioral health, gastroenterology, obstetrics, pulmonary, and rehabilitative medicine.


Position Summary:
The Office Manager oversees the activities and functions of the administrative suite and executive assistants. This position provides high-level and administrative, clerical, and special project support to executives of the organization.
Assists with overall functioning of the Administrative Suite to ensure appropriate business etiquette is maintained.  Screen phone calls, correspondence and visitors using discretion and judgment to direct appropriate individual.
Assists others with responsibilities and adjusts work schedule to meet department needs, to include management of and workflow of other Administrative or Executive Assistants within the department.
Facilitates and provides feedback for the annual performance evaluation process with direct reports, which includes the other Executive/Administrative Assistants within the department.
Screens telephone calls and visitors, uses discretion and judgment in ascertaining who can be redirected to subordinate management.  Provides information to callers, which requires comprehensive knowledge of company policies, practices, and operations.
Opens and reviews all mail directed to executive.  Composes responses to routine inquiries, delegates items to subordinate managers when appropriate.  Transcribes and types confidential correspondence, memos, minutes of meetings and other materials or documents.
Prepares variety of highly confidential, specialized and recurrent reports using word processing, spreadsheet, and database and/or presentation software.
Manages special projects as assigned.  Plans delegates assignments, conducts research, gathers and compiles information for presentation, may prepare reports.
Performs broad range of administrative details of a confidential nature, to aid executive, that require initiative and judgment to make independent decisions.
Maintains executive’s calendar, arranges meetings, conferences and appointments without clearance.  Makes travel arrangements including transportation, lodging, and itinerary.
Provides administrative support for Board and Committee Agenda process to include: maintenance of corporate documentation for regulatory and legal review; coordination of meetings, agenda, and reports; acts as a minute-taker; responsible for meeting set-up, including catering for venue; and general support of Board members’ contacts and training.
Follows up on all assignments delegated to others as to status, completion, etc.
Maintains paper and electronic confidential files, fiscal records, and other documents.
Promotes and displays a positive customer oriented demeanor to patients, visitors, staff, and physicians.
Actively seeks ways to control costs without compromising patient safety, quality of care, or the services delivered.
Demonstrates knowledge of the occurrence reporting system.  Uses system to report potential patient safety issues.
Uses Performance Improvement Plan to improve patient safety.
Other duties as assigned.
Education/ Experience:
College education preferred
5+ years of experience at a high-level executive assistant required

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
Reads and writes English
Ability to listen, empathize, and respond to patient, family, internal and external partner needs and concerns
Knowledge and ability to use Microsoft Office and Microsoft Outlook
Displays a positive attitude
Psychosocial skills
Teambuilding skills
Effective Time Management Skills
Exemplifies C.A.R.E.S. Standards of Behavior
You are worth more than a paycheck. Our Benefits Raise the Bar:

401(k) with an employer match up to 9%
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Paid Family Leave
Medical Plan Options, Dental & Vision
And much more!


Notice

Our Company’s recruiters are here to help unlock the next possibility within your career and we take your candidate experience very seriously. During the recruitment process, no recruiter or employee will request financial or personal information (Social Security Number, credit card or bank information, etc.) from you via email. The recruiters will not email you from a public webmail client like Gmail or Yahoo Mail. If you feel suspicious of a job posting or job-related email, let us know by clicking here.

For questions about your job application or this site please contact HCAhrAnswers at 1-844-422-5627 option 1.
