SHIFT: Nights (rotating weekends)

SCHEDULE: Full-time

Graduate Nurse / GN / RN Nurse Internship/ Residency

 **Open to nurses changing specialty**

Medical City North Hills

Start Date: August 2020


Internships Offered:
Critical Care
Emergency Room
Medical Surgical
Do you want to be a part of a family and not just another employee? Are you looking for a work environment where diversity and inclusion thrive? Submit your application today and find out what it truly means to be a part of a team. Every role has an impact on our patients’ lives and you have the opportunity to make a difference. We are looking for dedicated professional like you to be a part of our Nurse Internship/Residency

Under supervision, the RN Intern is a new graduate nurse or RN changing specialty that provides safe and effective patient care in accordance with established policies, procedures and values of the facility. The graduate nurse or RN changing specialty will collaborate with the Nurse Coordinator/preceptor, Physicians, technicians, educators, and allied health practitioners. Additional functions will be performed in accordance with the Nurse Practice Act in a manner consistent with the mission and goals of Medical City Healthcare.


We offer you an excellent total compensation package, including:

Medical/Dental/Vision/Life Insurance Plans
Paid Time Off
Short Term & Long Term Disability
Tuition Reimbursement
401K
Employee Assistance Program
Employee Recognition Programs
Discounted tickets at many local attractions
Discounts to various retail stores and more….

Once you apply, if chosen to move forward a Recruiter will contact you to complete a follow-up phone screen. Please be aware that due to the large amount of applicants you will see a slight delay in responses.






About Medical City North Hills:


164 bed full service hospital

First hospital in the United States to have a Cycle 4 Chest Pain Center with PCI

Named a Pathway to Excellence Hospital by the American Nurses Credentialing Center for our excellent nursing environment






Qualifications

Required Job Qualifications include:

Current certification as a BLS Healthcare Provider
Graduate of an accredited school of professional nursing
Open to Skilled RN's looking to change specialty or begin working in a hospital setting
ADN required
BSN preferred


***PLEASE NOTE: It is requirement to have an RN license and active BLS upon starting the internship.  New Grads will need to have taken and passed the boards before beginning the internship.





Notice

Our Company’s recruiters are here to help unlock the next possibility within your career and we take your candidate experience very seriously. During the recruitment process, no recruiter or employee will request financial or personal information (Social Security Number, credit card or bank information, etc.) from you via email. The recruiters will not email you from a public webmail client like Gmail or Yahoo Mail. If you feel suspicious of a job posting or job-related email, let us know by clicking here.

For questions about your job application or this site please contact HCAhrAnswers at 1-844-422-5627 option 1.
