Functional Area:

OP - Operations
Estimated Travel Percentage (%):
Relocation Provided:
AIG is currently hiring and has the ability to complete virtual interviews and training.  These positions are remote at this time and will lead to working in the office in the future.

Who we are

American International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a leading global insurance organization. Building on 100 years of experience, today AIG member companies provide a wide range of property casualty insurance, life insurance, retirement solutions, and other financial services to customers in more than 80 countries and jurisdictions. These diverse offerings include products and services that help businesses and individuals protect their assets, manage risks and provide for retirement security.

As a Customer Service Professional, you will have the opportunity to provide excellent customer service with first call resolution and product knowledge.  This position requires the ability and desire to provide service over the phone 100% of the time.  We provide you the training you need to be successful in your role.  After completing an intensive training course, you will be ready to help our clients and make a difference in their lives.

Get to know the business

Flex your financial expertise and provide peace of mind to people seeking a financially sound retirement. Securing the financial futures of our clients is what motivates us and is at the heart of what we do. We work with our clients to tailor a retirement plan that increases their assets and provides them with a protected income stream to last their lifetime. Our U.S. Individual Retirement business offers innovative annuity products that help clients build assets through tax-deferred growth opportunities, providing a guaranteed income for life while shielding it from market volatility.

About the role

We want to hear from you today if you can:

Generate energy, excitement, and passion around AIG products! You are aware and have a deep understanding that AIG provides a customer service experience to our customers that is industry leading. You will be the first point of contact for our customers and respond to case inquires related to status, selected data changes, required forms information, documenting all inquiries, and any necessary corresponding actions.
Provide loyalty-building service to customers by answering a high volume of incoming calls with a high degree of accuracy and speed, while consistently meeting key department performance metrics. We need quick and effective problem solvers who can execute on action items effectively to deliver impactful solutions.
Effectively communicate policy information and company procedures to all customers.
Manage and troubleshoot complex customer service issues involving cross functional partners while using advanced technical skills.
Set up your own home office and work remotely (until our office re-opens) with minimal frustration and supervision. Tools and equipment are provided.  Your self-motivation, dependability, and responsibility is expected.
What we are looking for

Customer Service Professionals that are action oriented, high energy, personable, empathetic, and have a genuine desire to help our customers.
Proven customer service experience with call center experience preferred.
Advanced interpersonal skills. Proven ability to interact successfully with internal/external customers.
Excellent communication skills, both oral and written.
We need advanced computer knowledge. Proficient with MS Office and strong professional typing skills required.
Ability to learn new software applications, open to experimentation with digital tools, and researching with an analytical and curious mind will be our A+ digital savvy candidate.
Ability to work successfully in a structured fast paced team environment which means your day will go by fast. You must be able to manage multiple tasks at one time.
Perform all financial and non-financial transactions necessary to satisfy requests using multiple computer systems and productivity tools.
Availability to work different shifts (Your shift is determined by individual business need).
High School Diploma or GED from an accredited institution required/some college preferred.
What our employees like most about working for AIG:

We care about your professional development. Our career progression program will provide you with the opportunity to develop your skills, strengthen your productivity and be eligible to progressively advance to positions with an increased responsibility and increased compensation.
Our “Giving Back” policy is at the core of our daily operations and guides our future progress. Don’t believe us?  We put our money where our mouth is! AIG, will give you up to 16 hours a year paid time off to volunteer in the community.
Our people are our most important asset therefore we provide a generous benefits plan and competitive pay. Benefit package includes:
Paid Time Off (AIG recognizes the importance of work life balance). We offer 24 PTO days to start. YES, 24! 9 paid holidays per calendar year.
A 401(k) Retirement Plan which will be HARD TO BEAT. Our 401K - $1 for $1 match up to 6% with immediate vesting, plus AIG automatically contributes an additional 3% in to your 401K regardless of if you enroll or not.
It has been and will continue to be the policy of American International Group, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, age, gender, gender expression, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected categories.

At AIG, we believe that diversity and inclusion are critical to our future and our mission – creating a foundation for a creative workplace that leads to innovation, growth, and profitability. Through a wide variety of programs and initiatives, we invest in each employee, seeking to ensure that our people are not only respected as individuals, but also truly valued for their unique perspectives.

We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.
