Functional Area:

TH - Other
Estimated Travel Percentage (%):
Relocation Provided:
 Finance – Summer Internship Program

About AIG

American International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a leading global insurance organization. Founded in 1919, today we provide a wide range of property casualty insurance, life insurance, retirement products, mortgage insurance and other financial services to customers in more than 100 countries and jurisdictions. Our diverse offerings include products and services that help businesses and individuals protect their assets, manage risks and provide for retirement security. AIG common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the Tokyo Stock Exchange.

Finance Division

Our finance professionals play an essential role in maintaining a healthy balance sheet at AIG. They deliver significant finance support for the overall enterprise, optimizing operations, funding and capital structure to honor our commitments to our stakeholders. They inform the decisions of AIG executives and comply with regulatory requirements, maintaining financial discipline, transparency and controls, while providing timely and meaningful information. Within the Finance team, the Treasury and Capital Markets group handles Treasury Department activities and funding the overall capital structure of AIG and investor relations. The Actuarial and Value Management team manages rating agency relations. The Finance Operations team handles controllership activities, including Security & Exchange Commission reporting and tax.

Aligned with the firm’s structure, finance interns typically work in either a corporate finance function or one of our businesses: General Insurance or Life and Retirement.

Corporate Finance – Performs controllership activities that deliver all required AIG consolidated financial reporting. Handles centralized corporate financial activities such as investment accounting, and firm-wide performance metrics, analysis, reporting and capital planning. Oversees finance operating models, process re-engineering and data management initiatives.
General Insurance Finance, Life and Retirement Finance – Serve as the primary finance business partners to the General Insurance and Life and Retirement Insurance businesses, providing key reporting and analytics support, driving planning, budgeting, and forecasting efforts, handling expense management and coordination across strategic initiatives.
Tax – Provides tax advisory and strategy, planning, accounting, compliance and analytics for all types of taxes
Treasury – Manages AIG’s rating agency/banking relations, short and long-term cash management, liquidity forecasting and collateral management.
Everyone across the Finance function is keenly focused on providing meaningful, actionable, timely information while efficiently maintaining financial discipline, transparency, and controls.

Summer Internship Program Description

Joining the AIG Summer Internship Program is a great way to enhance your business acumen and gain insight into our industry. Summer interns are placed into meaningful and influential roles that have an immediate and integral impact on the business.

The Summer Internship Program lasts approximately 10 weeks and is targeted to students entering the final year of their undergraduate or graduate education.  After initial orientation, summer interns will join one of our business lines, each of which offers a unique opportunity to obtain core technical knowledge and professional skills in a diverse and global environment. In addition to the experience acquired on the job, summer interns have the opportunity to learn directly from senior management and participate in webinars, discussion forums, and networking receptions.

Summer interns establish goals with their managers during the first week, and the goals are measured at the mid and end points of the summer. Successful summer interns may be considered for full-time analyst positions to begin summer of 2022.

Qualifications

Required:

Minimum grade point average of 3.2 on a 4.0 scale (unofficial transcript required upon application)
Candidate for bachelor’s degree in accounting, finance or business to be received no later than June 2022
Preferred:

AIG seeks candidates who have:

One or more years of classroom and/or finance internship work experience in financial analysis with demonstrated analytical and problem-solving skills
Strong competency in MS Office, especially in Excel and PowerPoint
Proven ability, experience, and overall understanding of fundamental finance and accounting acumen including: data modeling, data analytics, FP&A, forecasting, interpreting financial statements, and reporting and variance analysis
Capable of working with high degree of ambiguity in a fast-paced environment
Demonstrated ability to work both independently and collaboratively with multiple business partners and teams
Strong attention to detail and accuracy
Experience using Power BI /Tableau and/or SQL/R/Python
The ideal candidates will be solutions-oriented and service-minded thinkers and will possess a powerful blend of IQ (technical skills, consistent learning, statistical & financial acumen) and EQ (adaptive communication, empathy, listening skills, challenging with humility).

This role is a pipeline to our full-time Finance Rotational Analyst program.

Locations

AIG Finance Summer Internship positions are available in New York and Houston.

How to Apply

In order to be considered, an online application is required. Please also apply at www.aig.com/careers/students.

It has been and will continue to be the policy of American International Group, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, age, gender, gender expression, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected categories.

At AIG, we believe that diversity and inclusion are critical to our future and our mission – creating a foundation for a creative workplace that leads to innovation, growth, and profitability. Through a wide variety of programs and initiatives, we invest in each employee, seeking to ensure that our people are not only respected as individuals, but also truly valued for their unique perspectives.
