Job Description
The U.S. Banking Controllership team within American Express is responsible for overseeing and managing the accounting activities primarily for American Express National Bank (“AENB”) – an entity which comprises a significant portion of the American Express business. Broadly, the Controllership team ensures the integrity of the Bank’s financial results in accordance with U.S. GAAP, provides an effective control environment over financial reporting, works to eliminate controllable financial risk, and supports growth in the business while balancing control and compliance. We work extensively with other Finance colleagues and subject matter experts, U.S. Banking teams and leaders, business partners, General Counsel’s Office, and various regulatory agencies (i.e. FRB and OCC), among others. The team is committed to excellence, talent development, encouraging work/life balance, and timely recognition of team members.



The Accounting Analyst, New Products / Regulation W within U.S. Banking Controllership will report directly to the Accounting Manager, New Products/Reg W. This individual will be responsible for: i) assisting the manager with new product related accounting and development needs of the Bank, ii) partnering with various business development teams to provide end-to-end change management support for new products from a finance, controllership and regulatory perspective, iii) assessing potential Regulation W 23A risk and impacts from new initiatives, products, and transactions, iv) 23A covered transaction monitoring and reporting, and v) supporting the Transactions with Affiliates (TWA) program.



Other key responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

Support the development of strong working relationships and communication with key business partners and senior leaders
Facilitate quarterly updates to specific New Product Agreements.
Subject matter expert for topics concerning Regulation W Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act
Responsible for critical deliverables demonstrating bank adherence to Section 23A
Perform and certify monthly, quarterly and annually required PRSA testing
Coordinate audit requests and deliverables from Regulators, Internal Audit, and Independent Compliance Testing on matters pertaining to Regulation W 23A
Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions.


Minimum Qualifications
3 plus years’ experience in Accounting / Auditing / Financial Reporting

A self-starter with demonstrated willingness to take initiative

A proactive team player with a passion to consistently deliver high quality service and exceed customers’ expectations

Ability to understand a Company’s businesses, processes and unique internal processes and operations

A quick learner with superior problem-solving skills. Focused on generating efficiencies and continuous process improvements

Ability to manage multiple priorities, drive projects, improve processes, and work well under time-pressured deadlines

Strong written/oral communication, relationship building, presentation and collaboration skills

Proficient in Microsoft excel and experience in data analysis and reporting

Knowledgeable of US GAAP

Education Requirement:

Undergraduate degree in Finance or Accounting
Preferred Additional:

Graduate degree and/or CPA a plus

Experience working in financial services or other highly regulated environment preferred

Experience in intercompany accounting and working knowledge of Regulation W strongly preferred

Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions.

ReqID: 20006062
Schedule (Full-Time/Part-Time): Full-time
Date Posted: Jul 28, 2020, 7:45:43 AM
EEO Statement
American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law.
