Job Description

Why American Express?
There’s a difference between having a job and making a difference.


American Express has been making a difference in people’s lives for over 160 years,
backing them in moments big and small, granting access, tools, and resources to take
on their biggest challenges and reap the greatest rewards.

We’ve also made a difference in the lives of our people, providing a culture of learning
and collaboration, and helping them with what they need to succeed and thrive. We
have their backs as they grow their skills, conquer new challenges, or even take time to
spend with their family or community. And when they’re ready to take on a new career
path, we’re right there with them, giving them the guidance and momentum into the
best future they envision.

Because we believe that the best way to back our customers is to back our people.
The powerful backing of American Express.
Don’t make a difference without it.
Don’t live life without it.




Position Summary:



As a key management member to Japan Market Compliance team, this position will manage the overall compliance of Global Financial Crime (GFC) requirements in Japan, including Anti Money-Laundering (AML) / Counter-Terrorist Financing (CTF), Sanctions and Anti-Corruption, in line with Global & local regulatory requirements for fast-growing Japan businesses operating under US Bank Holding Company.   This position will serve as AML Officer for Japan legal entity and be responsible for ensuring daily monitoring & execution of GFC operations in Japan in partnership with  Enterprise-wide GFC team across the globe.  This position will support business groups and key stakeholders in ensuring the strengths of local & Enterprise-wide controls, by conducting evaluation of business operations and developing effective solutions where gaps or weaknesses are identified.   This position will also manage the relevant local policies, interpretation and implementation of regulatory change projects in GFC area, together with the localization of Enterprise-wide GFC compliance programs while ensuring the local regulatory requirements & expectations.

Success to this position is to have an in-depth understanding of Global Financial Crime landscape and relevant regulatory requirements, with ability to exercise a solid evaluation & judgment over existing business processes / systems / operational controls for credit card business.  The incumbent must possess an ability to concurrently and independently manage multiple projects; clearly communicate the critical compliance requirements to business and control & compliance stakeholders in both Japanese & English; maintain a strong relationship with the business groups and SMEs / key stakeholders within / outside Japan;  to be able to effectively explain the regulatory requirements, risks and implications; and build a strong credibility as a trusted subject matter expert & business partner for GFC matters.

Principal Accountabilities:



1.   Serve a role of Japan AML Officer, responsible for ensuring accuracy and effectiveness of the local entity controls and governance over Global Financial Crime Compliance matters, including outsourced processes, against Global & local regulatory requirements and Enterprise-wide policies & standards.

2.   Serve a role of Compliance Subject Matter Expert over GFCC area.  Conduct business process reviews and provide advisory to business to implement necessary compliance actions to fulfill GFCC obligations; ensure sufficiency and completeness of business operations in meeting pertinent regulatory requirements and expectations.

3.  Manage all aspects of local compliance programs over GFCC area, including but not limited to : timely updates to local policies & procedures, localization of Enterprise-wide policies & procedures, training program, employee communications.



4.  Conduct business monitoring as a 2nd line function.  Provide compliance assessment and advice to business partners in evaluating effectiveness of compliance controls within business groups, partner with business stakeholders to provide consultation and develop appropriate remediations for identified gaps or weaknesses as per the regulatory expectation.

5.  Keep up-to-date with latest regulatory developments and trends over Global Financial Crime matters.  Evaluate necessary compliance actions from new regulatory actions, develop implementation plans and engage business stakeholders to drive for implementation as needed.



6.   Lead local implementation of Enterprise-wide compliance projects and initiatives while addressing unique country needs and operation, concurrently fulfilling pertinent local regulatory requirements.

7.    Manage all aspects of Human Resource matters over local team responsible for GFCC operations, including temps.



8.    Manage all outsourced operations over GFCC.   Update necessary procedures with the regulatory changes and communicate / engage necessary Enterprise GFCC stakeholders to deliver local regulatory needs at the outsourced operations.  Conduct periodic monitoring of the outsourced operations to ensure effectiveness of the programs from local regulatory perspectives.

Offer of employment with American Express is conditioned upon the successful
completion of a background verification check, subject to applicable laws and regulations.


Minimum Qualifications
. Minimum 10 years of direct regulatory compliance, legal or law enforcement / financial crime investigation experiences in Japan.   Professional certifications or Diplomas in relevant area a plus.

. Strong understanding of Japan regulatory requirements over financial crime area, and ability to effectively translate in leymen's terms to be able to communicate to various stakeholders within Amex.

. Hands-on experience or professional certifications in internal controls in financial institutions or credit card industry.  Ability to identify control defects and develop remediation by reviewing & evaluating existing business processes.

. Strong sense of compliance risk appetites balanced with Japan business priorites & unique operational processes.

. Excellent verbal & written communication in Japanese to enable effective communications with internal business partners and key stakeholders, as well as the regulators, regulatory agencies and external parties.

. Excellent communication in English, proven ability to effectively present to key stakeholders and subject matter experts outside Japan in English both verbally and in written.



. Proven ability to concurrently lead and manage multiple business projects, engaging necessary business partners and exercising influencing to key stakeholders to deliver the desired outcome.



. Proven ability to listen well and understand / reflect different points of view, effectively manage divergent interests in a globally-complex matrix organization across diverse business groups and product lines.



. Proven leadership mindset to effectively collaborate and help / partner to foster a strong team environment; influence and bring others to deliver a common goal.
