Job Description
As the next Collections Specialist in our Currents Segment, you will engage and advise our Small Business and Personal Card Members via inbound and outbound calls.  With a “Customer First” mindset, balanced with mitigating risk for our company, your goal will be to educate our Card Members on our products, collect payments to enhance spending capacity, and resolve Credit concerns.


In this position, you will:

Advise and educate customers on their products
Build rapport with people from all walks of life
Demonstrate resiliency in a fast paced environment
Collect Payments
Deliver an industry best customer experience


Minimum Qualifications
What you need to succeed:

A competitive mindset and a proven track record of success
1+ year experience in a consultative client facing environment
Empathy and active listening skills
Proven problem solving and decision making
Ability to navigate numerous applications simultaneously
Strong organization and ability to work independently
If you thrive in a fast-paced environment and possess the ability to connect with customers – then apply now!


Schedule: Business hours of operations are seven (7) days a week from 5:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. Shift differentials for nights and weekends are provided. Candidates must be flexible.


Location: 18850 N 56th St.  Phoenix, AZ 85054 (Desert Ridge)


This position may be work from home and adjusted back to “in office” at any time, this will be determined at the discretion of American Express.


You will need:
A quiet work space to avoid any disruptions during customer interactions.
Internet service
Personal smartphone or a tablet
American Express will provide:
All other technical equipment needed
Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions.




ReqID: 20005983
Schedule (Full-Time/Part-Time): Full-time
Date Posted: Aug 3, 2020, 3:17:30 PM
EEO Statement
American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law.
