Job Description

Make a big digital impact this summer.

Are you ready to challenge every day? Join the Technology team at American Express as a summer intern and you’ll influence and strengthen the core businesses across the organization. Use your digital knowledge and problem-solving skills to help plan, design, develop and implement the next generation of innovative solutions.


Technology intern opportunities are available in

Phoenix, AZ, Ft. Lauderdale, FL, and New York, NY.


Join the team and make an impact right away:

• Write code with one or more programming languages (e.g., Java, JavaScript, .NET)

• Function as a core member of an agile team working on API specs, conducting code reviews and testing in ongoing sprints, or doing proof of concepts/automation tools

• Design and develop new customer-facing applications on multiple channels like native iOS, Android, web, social integration and Java services/APIs

• Design and implement web-enabled systems for data collection



American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law.




Offer of employment with American Express is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background verification check, subject to applicable laws and regulations.


Minimum Qualifications
We have the know-how, technology and global reach to make nearly any idea a reality. All that's missing is you!  Do you meet the below requirements?

• Passion for coding

• Ability to identify opportunities to adopt innovative technologies

• Hunger to learn new technologies and translate them into working software

• Ability to effectively communicate with internal and external business partners

• Creative and digital mind-set

Must have attended National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE) Conference in 2020

Educational Requirements

Currently enrolled in a Bachelor's or Master's degree program in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other technical discipline

Students must have a graduation date between December 2021 and June 2023

 About Us
American Express’ heritage was built on service and has been sustained by innovation. Through our evolution from an express mail business in 1850, to one of the world’s largest card issuers by purchasing volume and a digital innovator, we’ve never been afraid to explore new possibilities and embrace the changing marketplace.


From our high employee Satisfaction ratings to our many workplace awards, American Express is consistently recognized as a great place to work by people around the world. We offer talented individuals challenging work with purpose by embracing both innovation and tradition.  As our company has grown and evolved, sometimes reinventing our business outright, we have never strayed from the customer-service ethos and values on which the company was built –trust, security, integrity, quality, good citizenship, respect and customer commitment.


Learn more about our Technology group at American Express by visiting https://careers.americanexpress.com/students/.



Why American Express?

There’s a difference between having a job and making a difference.


American Express has been making a difference in people’s lives for over 160 years, backing them in moments big and small, granting access, tools, and resources to take on their biggest challenges and reap the greatest rewards.


We’ve also made a difference in the lives of our people, providing a culture of learning and collaboration, and helping them with what they need to succeed and thrive. We have their backs as they grow their skills, conquer new challenges, or even take time to spend with their family or community. And when they’re ready to take on a new career path, we’re right there with them, giving them the guidance and momentum into the best future they envision.


Because we believe that the best way to back our customers is to back our people.


The powerful backing of American Express.

Don’t make a difference without it.
Don’t live life without it.

Our team will review completed applications on a rolling basis. We appreciate your patience while we consider your application and will be in contact with you by April 30th.

Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions.



Tags: PA-12100, USTech, Handshake UNV-12520
ReqID: 20001627
Schedule (Full-Time/Part-Time): Full-time
Date Posted: Aug 3, 2020, 5:18:21 PM
EEO Statement
American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law.
