COMPANY DESCRIPTION
What started as a humble, little aerial crop dusting operation called Huff Daland Dusters in 1924 has now grown into one of the world s largest global airlines, helping more than 180 million travelers get to the places they want to go to each year.
JOB DESCRIPTION
Senior Tax Analyst

United States, Georgia, Atlanta

Finance

29-Jan-2020

Ref #: 2213

How you'll help us Keep Climbing (overview & key responsibilities)

The Senior Tax Analyst is responsible for assisting in the preparation and filing of federal and state motor fuel tax returns. This individual is also responsible for researching tax laws and regulations as needed to ensure compliance with applicable laws. The Senior Tax Analyst provides subject matter guidance to Delta’s fuel group regarding compliance with laws and regulations in a rapidly changing and complex environment. This individual also communicates with federal, state, and local government officials regarding audits, notices, and other inquiries.

The ideal candidate must have the ability and initiative to learn new concepts and technical skills, be eager to conduct research, possess excellent oral and written communication, to independently solve problems, and possess great attention to detail. Candidate should also have a positive attitude, possess excellent time management and organizational skills, and the ability to work in a fluid and ever-changing environment as the business continues to expand and grow. The candidate should have the ability to leverage technology to query and analyze large volumes of data and transactions in order to support compliance, planning, and audit functions and to implement process efficiencies.

Prepare and file federal and state motor fuel tax returns

Accurately prepare tax returns by collecting, analyzing, and organizing relevant information and research.
Timely file and make payments to relevant jurisdictions.

Execute clear correspondence with tax authorities regarding questions, the audit process, notices received, and other tax matters.

Prepare documentation to support track and communications with tax authorities.

Perform data, account, and other reconciliations, as needed to support internal controls and processes.

Assist with audit process by gathering necessary documents and information requested by tax authority.

Business Support

Work with internal business partners to understand the business and transactional data flows to determine reporting and taxability of transactions.
Conduct and document research regarding federal and state tax law to existing business transactions and report findings to tax manager.

Analyze fact patterns and logically apply tax law to support positions within tax policies.

Collaborate with internal stakeholders to achieve issue resolution and common ground.

Contribute to internal processes needed to support business objectives and manage tax risk.

What you need to succeed (minimum qualifications)

Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or Finance.

4+ years relevant experience in motor fuel tax and/or sales and use tax compliance

What will give you a competitive edge (preferred qualifications)

Advanced excel skills. Alteryx or Tableau a plus

Accounting and filing systems; SAP, SRA, IGEN and/or AVALARA

Delta Air Lines, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer and provides reasonable accommodation in its application process for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans. If you are a qualified individual, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to access job openings through this site, apply for jobs through Delta’s online system, or at any point in the selection process. To request a reasonable accommodation, please click here
