COMPANY DESCRIPTION
What started as a humble, little aerial crop dusting operation called Huff Daland Dusters in 1924 has now grown into one of the world s largest global airlines, helping more than 180 million travelers get to the places they want to go to each year.
JOB DESCRIPTION
Job Summary:
The Senior Attorney will be a Member of Delta Air Lines' Law Department and will be assigned to its subsidiary, Delta Material Services ("DMS"). The Senior Attorney will be responsible for the drafting, development, review, stakeholder management, and approval of all DMS contracts, including asset purchase and sale agreements, vendor supply agreements, consignment agreements, repair and overhaul agreements, non-disclosure agreements, warehousing agreements, lease documents, and all other agreements necessary to support the business. In this role, the Senior Attorney will primarily support the DMS Commercial group and work directly with customers and suppliers to develop agreements and resolve issues collaboratively.

This position requires a strong contracts background and specific experience with various aircraft and aircraft parts trading agreements, purchase and sale agreements and the ability to successfully collaborate with internal and external attorneys, internal stakeholders and customers to develop and execute agreements in a fast-paced, dynamic work environment.

This position is based in Atlanta and will report to the Associate General Counsel - Aircraft Transactions & Finance with a dotted line reporting relationship to the Vice President - Acquisitions of DMS.

Primary Responsibilities:
Develop and maintain standard agreement templates through collaboration with Delta's Law Department.
Support time-sensitive negotiations for the purchase, sale, and lease of aircraft assets and ensure timely contract development to achieve schedule milestones.
Develop agreements with outside vendors to perform services on behalf of DMS.
Manage intercompany agreements and transactions with Delta Air Lines.
Ensure the successful management of aircraft and engine closings and other basic transactions.
Qualifications:
Juris Doctorate and bar admission required
4 - 6 years of commercial and contract experience
Ability to communicate with DMS senior management and manage expectations as related to contract status, negotiations, or other contractual matters
Ability to work quickly and competently to prioritize, manage, and multi-task in a fast pace working environment
Problem solving, solution minded approach to collaboration
Solid understanding of industry regulations as they pertain to asset transactions and maintenance services
Demonstrate Core Values of integrity, respect, perseverance
