Delta Air Lines serves nearly 180 million customers each year. In 2017, Delta was named to Fortune's top 50 Most Admired Companies in addition to being named the most admired airline for the sixth time in seven years. Additionally, Delta has ranked No.1 in the Business Travel News Annual Airline survey for an unprecedented six consecutive years. With an industry-leading global network, Delta and the Delta Connection carriers offer service to 335 destinations in 62 countries on six continents. Delta has invested billions of dollars in airport facilities, global products and services, and technology to enhance the customer experience in the air and on the ground.

Typical Responsibilities

With ever-changing business needs, Delta seeks Undergraduate Interns to ensure a competitive stance in the marketplace and to become future leaders at the company. Employment opportunities for the Commercial Strategy Intern include:

LOYALTY PROGRAM/PASSENGER MARKETING: Develop promotion and channel strategies to drive incremental passenger revenue and build customer loyalty. Design improvements to Delta's customer communications and develop better customer segmentation.
E-COMMERCE/DISTRIBUTION: Maintain competitiveness of digital channels and self-service functionality, develop online marketing strategies and identify revenue streams through non-air partnerships for Delta. Manage global distribution systems and third party online agency relationships by leveraging new technologies to lower distribution costs.
NETWORK PLANNING: Develop route structures, analyze new city and route opportunities and determine capacity response to competitive actions. Maximize profitability by aligning capacity with demand through the strategic deployment of aircraft.
REVENUE MANAGEMENT - PRICING: Investigate competitors' pricing actions, initiate sales and other promotions to maintain market share. Create short-term and long-term strategies to maximize revenue based on analyses of passenger demand.
REVENUE MANAGEMENT - INVENTORY MANAGEMENT: Analyze and understand the complexities of airline consumer behavior and devise creative strategies for capturing additional revenue through varying the supply of our product.
SALES ANALYSIS: Analyze the financial contribution of incentive programs with corporations/distributors and develop new sales strategies to generate incremental sales.
RESERVATIONS: Develop recommendations for process improvements for reservations centers, call-handling, and segmentation; analyze volume and handling efforts to determine strategies to improve customer service, employee engagement, and maximize cost efficiencies.
AIRPORT CUSTOMER SERVICE: Drive customer service enhancements through analysis, process improvement efforts, and developing and implementing new strategies that improve passenger facing and aircraft maintenance operations.

Must have indefinite authorization to work in the United States. Broad background in quantitative analysis is preferred. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Outstanding interpersonal skills, as the position requires interactions with cross-functional departments. Working knowledge of presentation and spreadsheet software. Must be a rising senior at time of internship.
Delta Air Lines offers competitive compensation, and unique standby travel privileges extended to interns and their eligible family members.
Delta Air Lines recognizes and values diversity. We are an equal opportunity employer.
Seniority Level
Internship

Industry
Information Technology & Services  Computer Software  Financial Services
Employment Type
Internship

Job Functions
