A career with MilliporeSigma is an ongoing journey of discovery: our 57,000 people are shaping how the world lives, works and plays through next generation advancements in healthcare, life science and performance materials. For more than 350 years and across the world we have passionately pursued our curiosity to find novel and vibrant ways of enhancing the lives of others. MilliporeSigma is a business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany.


Your Role:

You will be a part of the Global Hosting Operations Team, which focuses on providing dynamic and stable platforms for the company’s various scientific goals.  Our group is responsible for providing a highly available and secure infrastructure for a multitude of large enterprise workloads.  You will work closely with various teams to ensure efficient operations of daily activities and drive continuous improvement efforts of products and processes. Technologies you will be working with include but are not limited to, Google Cloud Platform, Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, Kubernetes, Docker, Jenkins, Terraform & Ansible.



Who You Are:



Minimum Qualifications:

High School Diploma or GED equivalent
3+ years of experience within IT as a consultant/administrator, of which 1+ years of experience working with major cloud providers


Preferred Qualifications:

Experience working with IT Service Management Tools and IT Service Management Processes.
Knowledge of Linux Operating Systems and know the fundamentals of Cloud Services (AWS or GCP).


RSRMS


What we offer: With us, there are always opportunities to break new ground. We empower you to fulfil your ambitions, and our diverse businesses offer various career moves to seek new horizons. We trust you with responsibility early on and support you to draw your own career map that is responsive to your aspirations and priorities in life. Join us and bring your curiosity to life!

Curious? Apply and find more information at https://jobs.vibrantm.com


The Company is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. No employee or applicant for employment will be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, disability, military or veteran status, genetic information, gender identity, transgender status, marital status, or any other classification protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. This policy of Equal Employment Opportunity applies to all policies and programs relating to recruitment and hiring, promotion, compensation, benefits, discipline, termination, and all other terms and conditions of employment. Any applicant or employee who believes they have been discriminated against by the Company or anyone acting on behalf of the Company must report any concerns to their Human Resources Business Partner, Legal, or Compliance immediately. The Company will not retaliate against any individual because they made a good faith report of discrimination.
