A career with EMD Performance Materials is an ongoing journey of discovery: our 57,000 people are shaping how the world lives, works and plays through next generation advancements in healthcare, life science and performance materials. For more than 350 years and across the world we have passionately pursued our curiosity to find novel and vibrant ways of enhancing the lives of others. EMD Performance Materials is a business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany.


Your Role:



Responsible for revenue recognition for the Business unit.
Monthly reconciliation of employee timecard expense to ADP payroll.
Work with program managers to obtain the forecast for the programs to ensure proper revenue recognition.
Preparation of relevant journal entries and account reconciliations pertaining to Revenue, AR and COGs.
Responsible for the maintenance of creating and updating current and new project codes and tasks for the revenue and internal programs.
Responsible for 3rd party and intercompany invoicing and review of AR aging to ensure timely collection.
Act as the main AR contact for the Business Unit.
Support monthly & quarterly close activities that include closing timecard and AR modules, preparing JE’s to include Bonus accrual, Fringe expense and other account reclassifications as needed.
Support M&S and programs teams in maintaining COGS related to both 3rd party and intercompany programs within the budget.
Responsible for the creation and maintenance of the main P&L report of the Business Unit.
Responsible for updating and uploading the Revenue and COG’s data to parent company by second workday of month end close.
Responsible for creating the month end financial package by 5th workday to the Business Units General Manager.
Assist Controller in preparation & maintenance of Annual Operating Plan (AOP), forecasting, and OPEX/Capex planning which includes working closely with business partners.
Prepare and provide analysis of various ad-hoc financial reports.
Planning and communicating on areas for process improvements.


Who You Are:

Minimum Requirements:

Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance or equivalent
2+ years’ experience in accounting, financial reporting and analysis
2+ years’ advanced Excel skills using pivot tables and lookup functions


Preferred Requirements:

Strong computer skills Adaptive Insights, SQL, Access
Be able to work with minimal supervision and work independently
Detail oriented with multi-tasking abilities
Strong communication skills
Dedicated to continuously improving processes and quality of documentation
Ability to work well in a collaborative team environment


RSRPM


What we offer: With us, there are always opportunities to break new ground. We empower you to fulfil your ambitions, and our diverse businesses offer various career moves to seek new horizons. We trust you with responsibility early on and support you to draw your own career map that is responsive to your aspirations and priorities in life. Join us and bring your curiosity to life!

Curious? Apply and find more information at https://jobs.vibrantm.com


The Company is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. No employee or applicant for employment will be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, disability, military or veteran status, genetic information, gender identity, transgender status, marital status, or any other classification protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. This policy of Equal Employment Opportunity applies to all policies and programs relating to recruitment and hiring, promotion, compensation, benefits, discipline, termination, and all other terms and conditions of employment. Any applicant or employee who believes they have been discriminated against by the Company or anyone acting on behalf of the Company must report any concerns to their Human Resources Business Partner, Legal, or Compliance immediately. The Company will not retaliate against any individual because they made a good faith report of discrimination.
