A career with MilliporeSigma is an ongoing journey of discovery: our 56,000 people are shaping how the world lives, works and plays through next generation advancements in healthcare, life science and performance materials. For more than 350 years and across the world we have passionately pursued our curiosity to find novel and vibrant ways of enhancing the lives of others. MilliporeSigma is a business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany.


Your role: Driving our company’s future development in data privacy as the senior expert in eBusiness and Digital issues. You develop, implement and give guidance in the strategy and tools of data privacy in exiting times as part of the Center of Expertise. You work with the major functions in eBusiness and eCommerce globally and foster the Digital initiatives of the group as part of our Governance structure. You act as a reliable partner for the business and senior management, set the standards in your field of expertise and provide background information to the Data Privacy organization. As eBusiness is key to the future development of our businesses, you think actively forward and develop new concepts under the legal frameworks applying to our company worldwide, including new marketing ideas, digital business and eCommerce. You support and advise our digital innovation and become a partner in privacy by design. In addition, you keep an eye on ongoing developments in data protection regulations and technological progress and transform them into requirements for our data operations.

Who you are:

Graduate degree in law (or equivalent)
At least 15 years of job experience with a minimum of 8 years in data privacy, preferably in a large company, law firm, or international working environment
Profound knowledge of eBusiness, eCommerce, and digital developments
High level of knowledge in European GDPR, other data protection legal frameworks, and relevant eBusiness laws, like competition law
Business oriented in interactions with senior management and other stakeholders, with solid skills in drafting in presenting basic guidelines, sharing knowledge, and the thinking forward in digital innovation
Life Science, Healthcare or Chemical industry knowledge preferred

What we offer: With us, there are always opportunities to break new ground. We empower you to fulfil your ambitions, and our diverse businesses offer various career moves to seek new horizons. We trust you with responsibility early on and support you to draw your own career map that is responsive to your aspirations and priorities in life. Join us and bring your curiosity to life!

Curious? Apply and find more information at https://jobs.vibrantm.com


The Company is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. No employee or applicant for employment will be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, disability, military or veteran status, genetic information, gender identity, transgender status, marital status, or any other classification protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. This policy of Equal Employment Opportunity applies to all policies and programs relating to recruitment and hiring, promotion, compensation, benefits, discipline, termination, and all other terms and conditions of employment. Any applicant or employee who believes they have been discriminated against by the Company or anyone acting on behalf of the Company must report any concerns to their Human Resources Business Partner, Legal, or Compliance immediately. The Company will not retaliate against any individual because they made a good faith report of discrimination.
