A career with MilliporeSigma is an ongoing journey of discovery: our 57,000 people are shaping how the world lives, works and plays through next generation advancements in healthcare, life science and performance materials. For more than 350 years and across the world we have passionately pursued our curiosity to find novel and vibrant ways of enhancing the lives of others. MilliporeSigma is a business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany.


Your Role:

To stage, fill (manually or semi-automatically), cap, label and over pack liquid, powder and lyophilized products per approved packaging specifications while utilizing all required safety equipment.

Complete appropriate packaging documentation per ISO procedures and deliver products to inventory.  Follow all quality and safety procedures, as well as support quality systems.





Physical Attributes:

Wear an air helmet, mask, safety shoes, apron rubber and Tyvek suits, protective gloves, safety glasses and goggles.
Stand for extended periods of time with repetitive movements throughout the shift.
Working with and in proximity of hazardous chemicals and human source materials.
Lift and/or move up to 50 lbs. with lifting equipment.
Utilize close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth vision and the ability to adjust focus.


Minimum Qualifications:

High School Diploma, GED, or HSED equivalent


Preferred Qualifications:

Bachelor’s Degree in Chemistry
6 Months+ chemistry related work experience.
Basic math skills including the metric system.
Ability to learn SOP's/UOP's, cleaning protocols, work and conduct rules.
Ability to learn to use safety equipment and semi-automated equipment.
Excellent eye-hand coordination and ability to use small and large hand and power tools.
Legible handwriting and strong oral and written communication skills.
Good problem solving, time management and organizational skills.
Ability to operate a forklift.
Ability to train others and work in a team setting.


RSRMS


What we offer: With us, there are always opportunities to break new ground. We empower you to fulfil your ambitions, and our diverse businesses offer various career moves to seek new horizons. We trust you with responsibility early on and support you to draw your own career map that is responsive to your aspirations and priorities in life. Join us and bring your curiosity to life!

Curious? Apply and find more information at https://jobs.vibrantm.com


The Company is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. No employee or applicant for employment will be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, disability, military or veteran status, genetic information, gender identity, transgender status, marital status, or any other classification protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. This policy of Equal Employment Opportunity applies to all policies and programs relating to recruitment and hiring, promotion, compensation, benefits, discipline, termination, and all other terms and conditions of employment. Any applicant or employee who believes they have been discriminated against by the Company or anyone acting on behalf of the Company must report any concerns to their Human Resources Business Partner, Legal, or Compliance immediately. The Company will not retaliate against any individual because they made a good faith report of discrimination.
