A career with MilliporeSigma is an ongoing journey of discovery: our 57,000 people are shaping how the world lives, works and plays through next generation advancements in healthcare, life science and performance materials. For more than 350 years and across the world we have passionately pursued our curiosity to find novel and vibrant ways of enhancing the lives of others. MilliporeSigma is a business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany.


Your role:

The Packaging Operator 1 will manually and semi-automatically portion chemicals into containers using safety equipment and following protocols.  Weigh hazardous and non-hazardous chemicals using precision equipment into specific containers.  Verify hood and safety equipment function, obtain process order, scan into computer system, verify electronic balance is calibrated.  Verify match of process order and bulk container lot numbers.  Obtain correct type and quantity of containers for process order.  Operate powered pallet and drum movers.  Verify weighed bottles and determine if quantity matches process order requirements.



This employee will pull samples for customers and/or quality control.  Complete paperwork including tray tags, process orders, and computer PKRV scan.  Document process order for specific required data, inclusive of weighing accountability to assure the accuracy of the weighed material using Good Documentation Practices (GDP).  Fill out data for tray taqs and affix to each tray or case of filled bottles.  Complete production logs.  Maintain equipment, tools, and facilities in safe, clean environment.  Assemble, disassemble semiautomatic powder or liquid dispensing equipment and replace worn or disposable parts as necessary.  Clean semi-automatic dispensing equipment according to manufacturer recommendations and chemical safety protocols.



Clean tools and utensils with appropriate material in hood according to chemical safety protocols.  Clean hood/work station according to method and protocol for specific chemical weighed.  Document cleaning of area/equipment/hood on cleaning log when applicable.  Assemble, test, maintain, and use appropriate safety equipment.  Prepare respiratory protection (check air helmet hoses for leaks, etc., assemble white air helmet).  Prepare and don Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) as appropriate for weighing protocol.  Clean and maintain reusable safety equipment for next use.  Facilitate packaging operations by providing support for weighers and moving material within the department.  Procures bulk and package components for weighers.



Applies closure and cleans exterior container surface.  Moves materials in department.  Label and overpack bottles of chemicals.  Verify and complete required paperwork and documentation.  Set up, operate, and troubleshoot all automated labeling, sealing, and bagging equipment.  Document all processes on the packaging request.  Document all damaged labels.  Initial all appropriate processes (data sheets, poly bags, etc.).  Participates in testing and implementation of changes.



Maintain, clean and keep safe all work areas and equipment following 5S standards.  Take necessary steps to assure we provide our customers with the highest quality product possible.  Immediately report any situation that could compromise safety or quality.  Miscellaneous duties and tasks as assigned.  Exemplary attendance and adherence to schedule.  Actively participate in a proactive safety culture; identifying hazards, making suggestions for improvement, coaching coworkers on safety, and working incident free.



Physical Attributes:

While performing the duties of the job this employee may occasionally work near moving mechanical parts.  May occasionally wear appropriate protective gear, (hard hats, glasses/goggles, chemical resistant suits, gloves, safety shoes) and other personal protection equipment “PPE” to protect themselves from toxic or corrosive chemicals in the forms of liquids, solids, vapors or airborne particles. The work area may occasionally be wet, humid, or abnormally hot or cold.



Who You Are:
Basic Qualifications:

HS Diploma or GED equivalent

Preferred Qualifications:

High school course work in chemistry or 6 months chemistry related work experience
Ability to read instructions and understand oral and written instructions.
Basic math skills including the metric system.
Ability to learn SOP's/UOP's, cleaning protocols, work and conduct rules.
Ability to learn to use safety equipment.
Ability to learn to use semi-automated equipment.
Good communication and problem-solving skills.

What we offer: With us, there are always opportunities to break new ground. We empower you to fulfil your ambitions, and our diverse businesses offer various career moves to seek new horizons. We trust you with responsibility early on and support you to draw your own career map that is responsive to your aspirations and priorities in life. Join us and bring your curiosity to life!

Curious? Apply and find more information at https://jobs.vibrantm.com


The Company is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. No employee or applicant for employment will be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, disability, military or veteran status, genetic information, gender identity, transgender status, marital status, or any other classification protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. This policy of Equal Employment Opportunity applies to all policies and programs relating to recruitment and hiring, promotion, compensation, benefits, discipline, termination, and all other terms and conditions of employment. Any applicant or employee who believes they have been discriminated against by the Company or anyone acting on behalf of the Company must report any concerns to their Human Resources Business Partner, Legal, or Compliance immediately. The Company will not retaliate against any individual because they made a good faith report of discrimination.
