Intro
Are you ready to explore a world of possibilities, both at work and during your time off? Join our American Airlines family, and you’ll travel the world, grow your expertise and become the best version of you. As you embark on a new journey, you’ll tackle challenges with flexibility and grace, learning new skills and advancing your career while having the time of your life. Feel free to enrich both your personal and work life and hop on board!

Why you'll love this job
​This job is a member of the Information Technology Team within the Information Technology Division.
Responsible for both traditional and cloud based infrastructure implementations based on designs from infrastructure architects
What you'll do
As part of Technology Transformation (TnT), Application Hosting Shared Services team, responsible for Architecting, building, supporting Docker Kubernetes and Cloud Foundry environments in the AA Data centers and in the Public cloud (Azure and/or IBM Cloud)
Writing Infrastructure as Code automation for Public and Private Cloud environments
Assists Developers and Operations (DevOps) teams with use of Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Container as a Service (CaaS)
Automation of platform upgrades, stem cell upgrades and Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) management tasks such as Org creation
Design, engineer and implement multi region load balancing for applications hosted on PCF to provide high availability.
Design PCF platform in compliance with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS) by installing, configuring and patching BOSH add-ons such as FIM (File Integrity Monitor), ClamAV (Anti-virus) and IPsec encryption.
Responsible for integrating PCF, Docker Data center with Active Directory, Single Sign On, New Relic Monitoring and elastic stack logging solution.
Responsible for working with application teams on optimizing containerized applications deployed over the Docker Kubernetes clusters.
All you'll need for success
Minimum Qualifications- Education & Prior Job Experience

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Technology, Information Systems (CIS/MIS), Engineering or related technical discipline, or equivalent experience/training
3 years of experience as a network or infrastructure engineer or administrator


Preferred Qualifications- Education & Prior Job Experience

Master's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Technology, Information Systems (CIS/MIS), Engineering or related technical discipline, or equivalent experience/training
5+ years of experience as a network or infrastructure engineer or administrator
Demonstrated experience in:
Installing, configuring and administering Docker Kubernetes clusters
Installing, configuring and administering Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS) Compliance.
Orchestration / Automation skills: Infrastructure as Code, Scripting including Terraform, PowerShell for Windows, shell scripting for Red Hat Linux, Python, or Ruby


Skills, Licenses & Certifications

Managing BOSH add-ons and troubleshooting PCF using Cloud foundry bosh cli.
Designing and implementing SSL encryption services and Identity service using SiteMinder in PCF environments.
Knowledge of Integration tools like Jenkins, Maven, Nexus / Artifactory
Knowledge of Java, cloud native architecture and 12 factor applications.
Knowledge of application load-balancers and health check monitors.
Experience with building and deploying Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) or IKS (IBM Cloud)
Experience with configuration management software such as Chef, Puppet or Terraform
Experience in Installing and configuring logging & Monitoring tools such as Dynatrace or LogDNA  for Cloud Foundry & Docker logs
Writing concourse pipelines to automate tasks with PCF management and operations.
What you'll get
Feel free to take advantage of all that American Airlines has to offer:

Travel Perks: Ready to explore the world? You, your family and your friends can reach 365 destinations on more than 6,800 daily flights across our global network.
Health Benefits: On day one, you’ll have access to your health, dental, prescription and vision benefits to help you stay well. And that’s just the start, we also offer virtual doctor visits, flexible spending accounts and more.
Wellness Programs: We want you to be the best version of yourself – that’s why our wellness programs provide you with all the right tools, resources and support you need.
401(k) Program: Available upon hire and, depending on the workgroup, employer contributions to your 401(k) program are available after one year.
Additional Benefits: Other great benefits include our Employee Assistance Program, pet insurance and discounts on hotels, cars, cruises and more
Feel Free to be yourself at American
From the team members we hire to the customers we serve, inclusion and diversity are the foundation of the dynamic workforce at American Airlines. Our 20+ Employee Business Resource Groups are focused on connecting our team members to our customers, suppliers, communities and shareholders, helping team members reach their full potential and creating an inclusive work environment to meet and exceed the needs of our diverse world.

Are you ready to feel a tremendous sense of pride and satisfaction as you do your part to keep the largest airline in the world running smoothly as we care for people on life’s journey? Feel free to be yourself at American.

Additional Locations: Ft Worth, TX
Requisition ID: 38351


Nearest Major Market: Fort Worth
Nearest Secondary Market: Dallas
Job Segment: Cloud, Engineer, Manufacturing Engineer, Information Systems, Computer Science, Technology, Engineering
