At a glance:
Are you a detail-oriented analyst skilled at collecting, analyzing and interpreting client and business data and information?
Can you commit to a critical position identifying improvement opportunities that have the greatest client and business impact?
Do you desire competitive compensation with lucrative benefits and a focus on professional development?
Our company:

At Spectrum Enterprise, our goal is to foster an engaging work environment that encourages our team members to reach their full potential. We promote a culture of excellence that celebrates diversity, innovative thinking and dedication to consistently exceeding client expectations.

Spectrum Enterprise, a part of Charter Communications, Inc., is a national provider of scalable, fiber technology solutions serving America’s largest businesses and communications service providers. The broad Spectrum Enterprise portfolio includes networking and managed services solutions: Internet access, Ethernet access and networks, Voice and TV solutions. Spectrum Enterprise’s industry-leading team of experts works closely with clients to achieve greater business success by providing solutions designed to meet their evolving needs. More information about Spectrum Enterprise can be found at enterprise.spectrum.com.

Highlights:

As a Client Experience Analyst, you focus on continuously improving the experience of Spectrum Enterprise’s largest business clients. You combine your understanding of company objectives and expertise to identify improvement opportunities that have the greatest client and business impacts. You excel at collecting, analyzing and interpreting client data and information to gain insights and prioritize client experience improvement efforts. You thrive in an office environment supporting objectives across the organization. You report directly to the Director of CX Analytics and Enablement for goals, guidance and assistance.

Position benefits:
Competitive Salary with Bonus
Health, Vision and Dental Insurance
100% Company Match 401(k) up to 6%
Company Funded Retirement Accumulation Plan for an additional 3%
Education Assistance
Pretax Child Care Spending Account
Paid Holidays, Vacation Days, Personal Days and Sick Days
Employee Discount on Spectrum Services Where Available
What you will do:
Encourage company-wide excellence through active and consistent support of all efforts to simplify and enhance the client experience.
Drive overall business strategies by assessing client and business information and providing reports for senior leadership to leverage.
Guide the cross-functional visibility and prioritization of projects by tracking, monitoring and managing the framework.
Support multiple projects by gathering and collecting information while assisting in preparing reports.
Ensure a successful project completion by assisting in the definition and execution of processes, procedures and reporting.
Improve efficiency through the facilitation, management and exchange of information across the organization.
Maintain high levels of organization, detail and accountability for all program-related needs to ensure the timely completion of quality deliverables.
Manage projects by ensuring accurate tracking while continuously evaluating and monitoring for improvements.
Effectively communicate data by maintaining and organizing information in easy to consume formats.
Streamline efficiency and improve quality where possible by working to build automation into workflows and other tools.
Regularly collaborate with internal business partners to understand and document operations and client impact.
Required keys for success:
Three or more years of business, reporting or operations experience
Comfortable working with large, cross-functional teams to achieve business goals
History of developing collaborative relationships with peers and internal partners
Strong prioritization and organizational skills with the ability to listen and ask clarifying questions
Critical thinker that can make decisions and resolve issues while working independently
Track record of showing sound judgment and taking initiative to accomplish job duties
Advanced data analysis and interpretation skills with the ability to document, prepare and deliver information
Confident when communicating relevant information to team members and senior leadership
Solid communication, time management, organization and interpersonal skills
Flexible with the ability to manage change and re-prioritize projects as required
Curious and inquisitive with a willingness to find solutions
Proficient with Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook
Effective written and spoken English communication skills with all levels of an organization
How you will stand out from the crowd:
Two or more years of experience using data and analytics
Solid data visualization, analytic and presentation skills
Familiar with tracking tools and technology
Your education:
Bachelor’s Degree in business, analytics or a related field (required)
The health and safety of our employees and candidates is very important to us. Spectrum has adopted virtual mobile recruiting tools that allow us to continue meeting new candidates. We look forward to “virtually” meeting you.


The Spectrum brands (including Spectrum Networks, Spectrum Enterprise and Spectrum Reach) are powered and innovated by Charter Communications. Charter Communications reaffirms its commitment to providing equal opportunities for employment and advancement to qualified employees and applicants. Individuals will be considered for positions for which they meet the minimum qualifications and are able to perform without regard to race, color, gender, age, religion, disability, national origin, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws.
