The world isn’t standing still, and neither is Allstate. We’re moving quickly, looking across our businesses and brands and taking bold steps to better serve customers’ evolving needs. That’s why now is an exciting time to join our team. As a leader in a corporation with 83,000 employees and agency force members, you’ll have a hand in transforming not only Allstate but a dynamic industry. You’ll have opportunities to take risks, challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good.

You’ll do all this in an environment of excellence and the highest ethical standards – a place where values such as integrity, inclusive diversity and accountability are paramount. We empower every employee to lead, drive change and give back where they work and live. Our people are our greatest strength, and we work as one team in service of our customers and communities.

Everything we do at Allstate is driven by a shared purpose: to protect people from life’s uncertainties so they can realize their hopes and dreams. For 89 years we’ve thrived by staying a step ahead of whatever’s coming next – to give customers peace of mind no matter what changes they face. We acted with conviction to advocate for seat belts, air bags and graduated driving laws. We help give survivors of domestic violence a voice through financial empowerment. We’ve been an industry leader in pricing sophistication, telematics, digital photo claims and, more recently, device and identity protection. We are the Good Hands. We don’t follow the trends. We set them.

Job Description
The Financial Consultant analyzes and communicates financial results for key products, markets and initiatives, develops compelling story lines to help deepen client insights and recommends creative actions to guide strategy and operations. This role formulates financial projections to support in predicting and tracking performance and diagnosing potential issues.

Key Responsibilities
Isolate key drivers, quantify impacts, and forecast implications to the business recognizing how different data points fit together
Prepare and help build storyline for financial updates
Use analysis to influence and drive action within finance, leadership and our business partners by using fact-based, holistic and forward-looking perspectives to identify emerging issues and current trends, and assist in implementation of strategies
Provide accurate, timely reports with financial insight to allow business partners to improve performance
Develop and lead effective presentations for small groups
Drive conversations with leadership to understand business implications of current trends
Job Qualifications
Coding experience with SQL required
Intermediate knowledge of R or Python
2 or more years of experience working in a business using SQL and R/Python
Intermediate business knowledge (i.e. deep financial skills/flow of the numbers) of financial and accounting concepts as well as intermediate analytical and financial model building skills
Experience working a problem from start to finish – defining the problem, identifying the data needed to address the problem, locating data, building the necessary model(s) and visualizations, and communicating the results
Oral and written communication skills to partner with employees both internal and external to finance as well as interpersonal skills to work effectively in a team environment
Effective time management and organization skills with a proven ability to multi-task
Proficient in Microsoft Excel and Microsoft PowerPoint
Inspire trust and confidence in clients through strategic and diplomatic handling of relationships
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience
The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen.

Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®.

As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life — including a generous paid time off policy.

Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video.

Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.

Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.

For jobs in San Francisco, please click “here” for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For jobs in Los Angeles, please click “here” for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.
