The world isn’t standing still, and neither is Allstate. We’re moving quickly, looking across our businesses and brands and taking bold steps to better serve customers’ evolving needs. That’s why now is an exciting time to join our team. As a leader in a corporation with 83,000 employees and agency force members, you’ll have a hand in transforming not only Allstate but a dynamic industry. You’ll have opportunities to take risks, challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good.

You’ll do all this in an environment of excellence and the highest ethical standards – a place where values such as integrity, inclusive diversity and accountability are paramount. We empower every employee to lead, drive change and give back where they work and live. Our people are our greatest strength, and we work as one team in service of our customers and communities.

Everything we do at Allstate is driven by a shared purpose: to protect people from life’s uncertainties so they can realize their hopes and dreams. For 89 years we’ve thrived by staying a step ahead of whatever’s coming next – to give customers peace of mind no matter what changes they face. We acted with conviction to advocate for seat belts, air bags and graduated driving laws. We help give survivors of domestic violence a voice through financial empowerment. We’ve been an industry leader in pricing sophistication, telematics, digital photo claims and, more recently, device and identity protection. We are the Good Hands. We don’t follow the trends. We set them.

Job Description
Job Summary
Represents insured and the Company in the defense of bodily injury and property damage lawsuits, subrogation, and Allstate Financial cases. Prepares for and conducts hearings, trials, arbitrations, mediations, and depositions. Prepares and argues pre and post-trial motions. Assists colleagues in the resolution of calendar conflicts.  Provides counsel to business clients on day to day issues.  Provides project management, coordination, and collaboration between legal teams. Monitors and reviews new laws, regulations, and case law; identifies and summarizes relevant issues; collaborates with other areas of L&R department; proactively provides advice and counsel to business unit on the impact of new laws on business; monitors counsel

Key Responsibilities
Review new file assignments and approve  initial pleadings, propound discovery, and/or develop strategy
Contacts clients to discuss their case and answer any questions.Maintains contact at a minimum of 90 days
Contact claims (initial litigation plan, recurring minimum 90 day contact, strategy conferences, etc.)
Review all documentary evidence
Prepares witnesses and clients  for depositions, arbitrations, mediations and trials including expert witnesses
Conducts depositions and examinations under oath and prepares summary documents
Prepares and conducts court appearances (matter management conferences, hearings, status conferences, etc.)
Conducts settlement/dispositive proceedings (e.g. mediations, arbitrations, etc.)
Try and/or arbitrate cases and prepares motions in liminie and summary documents
Draft post-trial motions
Prepare for and participate in appeals
Provide legal opinions to claims clients
Investigate and pursue subrogation litigation as appropriate
Manages projects
Job Qualifications
Juris Doctorate degree and member in good standing of Texas State Bar
1 to 3 years  years of  Insurance Defense,  and/or Personal Injury litigation experience
Trial  experience is preferred, with flexibility to work across other disciplines that may include SIU or UM
Computer skills required; experience with Microsoft Office, Lexis, and the internet
Ability to work well with others on a team of attorneys, paralegals, administrative assistants, supervised by an attorney Lead Counsel
Must be able to handle a large caseload
Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal skills are key to working with a variety of internal and external contacts as well as for preparing reports, pleadings, and correspondence, collaborating with others, etc. Will work independently as well as part of a cohesive team.
Ability to travel
Periodically lifting in excess of 20 pounds throughout the day, depending on court matters being handled. Attorneys are required to cover court matters for each other; attorneys have laptops.
Bending to pick up the computer bag which sometimes is more than 20 pounds, entering and exiting a vehicle, maneuvering files and computer at security checkpoints
Turning and twisting at work
Driving at least 40-50 miles daily depending on the activities being covered, court, doctors’ depositions, discovery depositions, and case evaluations, etc.
Sitting for pro-longed periods of time en route to court, in court or at court proceedings, depositions, etc.
Walking and rolling brief case with files from vehicle to the legal proceeding and/or deposition and facilitations, etc.
Trial preparation could require lifting in excess 20 lbs. because of exhibits, materials, records from plaintiff, etc.  These materials are printed for some proceedings.
The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen.

Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®.

As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life — including a generous paid time off policy.

Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video.

Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.

Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.

For jobs in San Francisco, please click “here” for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For jobs in Los Angeles, please click “here” for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.
