The world isn’t standing still, and neither is Allstate. We’re moving quickly, looking across our businesses and brands and taking bold steps to better serve customers’ evolving needs. That’s why now is an exciting time to join our team. As a leader in a corporation with 83,000 employees and agency force members, you’ll have a hand in transforming not only Allstate but a dynamic industry. You’ll have opportunities to take risks, challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good.

You’ll do all this in an environment of excellence and the highest ethical standards – a place where values such as integrity, inclusive diversity and accountability are paramount. We empower every employee to lead, drive change and give back where they work and live. Our people are our greatest strength, and we work as one team in service of our customers and communities.

Everything we do at Allstate is driven by a shared purpose: to protect people from life’s uncertainties so they can realize their hopes and dreams. For 89 years we’ve thrived by staying a step ahead of whatever’s coming next – to give customers peace of mind no matter what changes they face. We acted with conviction to advocate for seat belts, air bags and graduated driving laws. We help give survivors of domestic violence a voice through financial empowerment. We’ve been an industry leader in pricing sophistication, telematics, digital photo claims and, more recently, device and identity protection. We are the Good Hands. We don’t follow the trends. We set them.

Job Summary
Position is located in Lincoln, NE.

This position will have the potential for possible work from home opportunities. This is not a permanent work from home opportunity.

The Customer Care Center provides customer service support, via the telephone to policyholders, agents and brokers regarding organizational products and practice by providing prompt, efficient, accurate and high quality customer service in a courteous and professional manner.

The position is responsible for answering complex customer inquiries on currently marketed health products (re-rate, complex claims) as well as currently marketed life products.  The representative acts as a resource, takes complex calls as defined by the department, provides customer service and is responsible for answering incoming calls.

Key Responsibilities
Answer incoming customer calls and respond to customer requests, answers complex questions, must have the ability to interpret a variety of policies, rules, regulations and performs a full range of customer service duties, answers customer questions, research, resolve and respond to requests.
Understand basic telecommunications and provide an advanced knowledge of products and functionality
Provide quick, professional, precise resolution to customer issues/questions
Enter customer request into data system, open and dispatch work orders to various department and complete call history
Handle customer requests via fax, email or voicemail within 24 hours or 1 business day
Knowledge / Skills / Experience
At least 3 years of prior customer service experience in an inbound call center
Minimum two years of post high school training in a specialized trade, technical school or college is preferred
Proficient in Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word and Excel)
Insurance background including knowledge of health insurance terminology is preferred.
Excellent communication skills both verbal and written required.
Work Hours & Compensation
Schedule: Start Date – 9/14/2020

Training Hours  – 8:30 to 5:15 pm CST Monday – Friday

After Training Hours – 10- 7pm CST Monday – Friday

Compensation: $17.00 Hourly

Excellent benefits package starting on your FIRST day of employment to include – Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance and 401(k)

Working Environment
You must we flexible to come into the Lincoln, NE office throughout each month and must live in the Lincoln, NE area.

This position will have the potential for possible work from home opportunities. To be eligible for the Home based opportunity you must meet the requirements below:

We are committed to leveraging technology to enable home based work in combination with our traditional call centers.  Qualified candidates will need a dedicated work space and must meet internet access standards for consideration.  As a commitment to our customer and employee experience hardware is provided (computer and peripherals)

Standard Technical Requirements

Home Internet service must be stable.

50 Mbps Download and 5 Mbps upload internet service packages

Access to hardwire (plug-in) ethernet/network cable to your modem/router during your shift.

Wifi connection is not allowed

Cannot use satellite, hotspots, MIFI devices, wireless AC wall plug-in extenders, repeaters, boosters and/or pods

Space for Desktop equipment and 2 monitors – Allstate will provide all equipment

Information Security requirements
Minimum Requirements – (summary, not all inclusive)

Established or Dedicated Work area at home, ensuring:

No one can see your screens, keyboards or Allstate documents

Area is located where no one can overhear your conversations

Free from potential hazards affecting equipment (e.g. pets, plants, water, etc.)

Workspace is not vulerable to theft

Free from distractions

The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen.



Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®.



As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life — including a generous paid time off policy.



Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video.



Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.



Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.



For jobs in San Francisco, please click “here” for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
For jobs in Los Angeles, please click “here” for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.



To view the “EEO is the Law” poster click “here”. This poster provides information concerning the laws and procedures for filing complaints of violations of the laws with the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs



To view the FMLA poster, click “here”. This poster summarizing the major provisions of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and telling employees how to file a complaint.



It is the Company’s policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore, any discriminatory action taken on account of an employee’s ancestry, age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual and reproductive health decision, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, race (include traits historically associated with race, including, but not limited to, hair texture and protective hairstyles), religion (including religious dress), sex, or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee’s terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, salary administration, promotion, job assignment, benefits, discipline, and separation of employment.
