The world isn’t standing still, and neither is Allstate. We’re moving quickly, looking across our businesses and brands and taking bold steps to better serve customers’ evolving needs. That’s why now is an exciting time to join our team. As a leader in a corporation with 83,000 employees and agency force members, you’ll have a hand in transforming not only Allstate but a dynamic industry. You’ll have opportunities to take risks, challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good.

You’ll do all this in an environment of excellence and the highest ethical standards – a place where values such as integrity, inclusive diversity and accountability are paramount. We empower every employee to lead, drive change and give back where they work and live. Our people are our greatest strength, and we work as one team in service of our customers and communities.

Everything we do at Allstate is driven by a shared purpose: to protect people from life’s uncertainties so they can realize their hopes and dreams. For 89 years we’ve thrived by staying a step ahead of whatever’s coming next – to give customers peace of mind no matter what changes they face. We acted with conviction to advocate for seat belts, air bags and graduated driving laws. We help give survivors of domestic violence a voice through financial empowerment. We’ve been an industry leader in pricing sophistication, telematics, digital photo claims and, more recently, device and identity protection. We are the Good Hands. We don’t follow the trends. We set them.

Job Description
The Central Command Center Traffic Team is accountable for real-time call center traffic delivery, service level and occupancy management and outage coordination.  The Central Command operation is 24/7/365

The Traffic Consultant directs flow of call and staff traffic related to emergency roadside service, customer service, sales, and retention touch points with functional emphasis Real Time Traffic Management.  The role accepts first notice of outage/system issue calls and troubleshoots in order to determine scope, severity and duration of event.


Key Responsibilities
As per guidance provided, execute real time changes between various locations in support of customer experience and client expectations in effort to achieve overall allocation strategy.
Works with local call center staff in order to quickly identify changing allocation needs including training, client visit, etc.
Accepts first notice of outage/system issue calls. Conducts troubleshooting at first notice in order to determine scope, severity and duration of event.  Properly escalates internally as per guidelines in a timely and accurate manner.
Maintains steady communication during outage including establishing a bridge line in order to facilitate communication, gathering data in support of discovery and resolution, etc.
Completes all reporting as specified including intra-day production reporting, client based reporting, period reporting, and ad hoc reporting.  Ensures data accuracy and timely distribution of reporting activity.
As requested support testing efforts for new 800# set-up, routing changes, and decommission of 800#s.  Provides accurate and timely reporting of all related activity.
Provides strategic recommendation to business regarding resource optimization including CSR skill based routing, call structure, delivery channel, technology based optimization, etc.
Provides support for local call center staff real time and staffing resources.
Provides ongoing feedback and communication related to site performance and process improvement opportunities.
Identifies and implements process improvements to increase accuracy and /or reporting data. Improve cohesion within team through coaching and feedback.

Job Qualifications
2 – 4 years previous experience working in a real time or staff planning call center environment.
Demonstrated ability to work with Avaya Centre Vu, Business Objects, and e-Work Force Management applications.
Advanced Microsoft Office knowledge and PC/software skills necessary to maneuver through various business applications and reporting platforms efficiently.
Strong math / statistical aptitude with attention to detail.  Ability to translate environmental changes into appropriate need for change in staffing and / or call allocation.
Effective verbal and written communications.
Troubleshooting and problem solving skills.
Ability to makes changes in support of a business plan.
Team player with regular IT interface.
Able to maintain calm during a crisis.
The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen.

Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®.

As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life — including a generous paid time off policy.

Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video.

Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.

Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.

For jobs in San Francisco, please click “here” for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For jobs in Los Angeles, please click “here” for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.
