A career at New York Life offers many opportunities. To be part of a growing and successful business. To reach your full potential, whatever your specialty. Above all, to make a difference in the world by helping people achieve financial security. It’s a career journey you can be proud of, and you’ll find plenty of support along the way. Our development programs range from skill-building to management training, and we value our diverse and inclusive workplace where all voices can be heard. Recognized as one of Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies, New York Life is committed to improving local communities through a culture of employee giving and service, supported by our Foundation. It all adds up to a rewarding career at a company where doing right by our customers is part of who we are, as a mutual company without outside shareholders. We invite you to bring your talents to New York Life, so we can continue to help families and businesses “Be Good At Life.” To learn more, please visit LinkedIn, our Newsroom and the Careers page of www.NewYorkLife.com.

Job Title: Senior Associate, Financial Service Organization: Accounting and Controllership: Life Controllers Group



Position Summary:

The mission of the Life Controllers Group (“Life Controllers”) of the Financial Services Organization Accounting and Controllership team is to partner with our stakeholders by understanding their needs to ultimately provide a service that is superb, timely and valuable, while simultaneously expanding and improving our service capabilities.



Life Controllers works closely with a variety of stakeholders in New York Life Insurance Company’s insurance lines of business (including our Mexican subsidiary Seguros Monterrey New York Life), the Corporate Controllers department and other corporate areas to ensure the integrity of New York Life general ledgers, deliver timely and accurate financial reporting and drive continuous improvement in our processes.



Primary Responsibilities:

This position will be located in our Jersey City office and will be responsible for the following primary responsibilities:



Oversight for the Life business journal entries and account reconciliations.
Stewardship of the Life business general ledgers (GAAP, STAT and Management).
Analysis of quarterly results.
The production and coordination of the Life Controllers book, the group’s quarterly financial results package.
Completion of Statutory Blue Book schedules and exhibits.
Significant interaction with external auditor, PwC, related to their performance of the annual financial statement audits.
Continuously seeking faster and more efficient delivery of data and analytics, as well as more effective controller & business insights.
Perform accounting research and develop a recommendation related to a technical issue.


Qualifications:

7+ years of financial reporting experience in insurance or reinsurance industries; public accounting experience a plus.
A continuous improvement mindset.
Experience with SOX and MAR compliance requirements.
Advanced skills working on Microsoft platform and reporting/analytical tools, i.e. excel, tableau, wDesk, etc.
Proficient in SAP, our general ledger system
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Self-motivated; with excellent organizational and prioritization skills.
Excellent written and verbal skills to effectively work with individuals both inside and outside the company
Need to be customer and stakeholder focused.
Able to manage multiple/conflicting priorities with a strong track record of delivery against tight deadlines; must be able to work in a high stress environment.
Exceptional at multitasking and quickly shifting from task to task with team members.
Must possess an open mind and be adaptable to new tasks and procedures.
Must have exceptional interpersonal skills, demonstrate high level of self-awareness, professionalism and integrity with all internal and external parties.
Bachelor’s degree is required, preferably in Accounting or Finance; Master’s degree / MBA is a plus.


EOE M/F/D/V



If you have difficulty using or interacting with any portions of this Web site due to incompatibility with an Assistive Technology, if you need the information in an alternative format, or if you have suggestions on how we can make this site more accessible, please contact us at: (212) 576-5811.


Nearest Major Market: New York City
Nearest Secondary Market: Newark
Job Segment: Accounting, ERP, Social Media, SAP, MBA, Finance, Technology, Marketing, Management
