A career at New York Life offers many opportunities. To be part of a growing and successful business. To reach your full potential, whatever your specialty. Above all, to make a difference in the world by helping people achieve financial security. It’s a career journey you can be proud of, and you’ll find plenty of support along the way. Our development programs range from skill-building to management training, and we value our diverse and inclusive workplace where all voices can be heard. Recognized as one of Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies, New York Life is committed to improving local communities through a culture of employee giving and service, supported by our Foundation. It all adds up to a rewarding career at a company where doing right by our customers is part of who we are, as a mutual company without outside shareholders. We invite you to bring your talents to New York Life, so we can continue to help families and businesses “Be Good At Life.” To learn more, please visit LinkedIn, our Newsroom and the Careers page of www.NewYorkLife.com.



Position Summary

The HR Data Analyst will be responsible for ongoing, proactive, strategic, analysis of workforce data to identify insights that can inform business decisions about human capital. The role will be a valuable conduit between the HR Reporting team and HR Business Partners (HRBPs) to identify and answer important people-related questions, through the analysis of existing workforce data and, when necessary, through the collection of new data. This role will require the ability to flex between big picture thinking and an analytical detail-oriented focus.



Major Responsibilities

Use tools and programming languages like Tableau, SQL, R, Excel, SuccessFactors and many other internal tools to identify insights that inform business trends and future decision-making about human capital.
Work at times both independently and as part of small working teams to identify recommendations for problems faced by the core HR functions (e.g. talent acquisition, learning & organizational development, compensation, benefits, diversity & inclusion).
Assist HRBPs in answering business-relevant questions about people-related topics.
Anticipate and proactively recommend measurement efforts to evaluate the effectiveness of workforce management initiatives (e.g., learning, leadership development, benefits, compensation).
Advise on the design and analysis for employee engagement surveys, multi-source feedback initiatives, and other people-related data collection initiatives (e.g., performance management, succession planning, leadership development, learning and training effectiveness evaluations, talent reviews, high-potential identification, exit surveys, new hire onboarding surveys, etc.)
Partner with HR Reporting team to review and refine foundation for operational data reporting, identify opportunities to improve reporting of people-related data.
Identify and analyze relevant HR benchmarks (internal and external) and leverage conceptual and innovative thinking to provide insights and meaningful, actionable commentary around those relationships (i.e., by overlaying macroeconomic impacts against internal metrics).

Role Requirements
BA/BS in a field that emphasizes data analysis and visualization, or equivalent work experience.
Human Resources experienced is a must have.
 3+ years of relevant experience.
Ability to flex between a big picture thinking and an analytical focus.
Ability to join data from multiple sources and manipulate structured and unstructured data in Excel and other reporting tools.
Communicate complex ideas and statistical concepts to others in a way that is understandable to non-technical audiences.
Play a key role in projects and initiatives that helps inform the company’s human capital strategies.
Understand key HR metrics and benchmarks and articulate how business actions impact these metrics.
Highly collaborative with clear concise communication skills.
A self-starter with the ability to operate independently.
Results-oriented with high attention for detail.
Demonstrates exceptional judgment and discretion when dealing with highly sensitive people data.




EOE M/F/D/V



If you have difficulty using or interacting with any portions of this Web site due to incompatibility with an Assistive Technology, if you need the information in an alternative format, or if you have suggestions on how we can make this site more accessible, please contact us at: (212) 576-5811.
