A career at New York Life offers many opportunities. To be part of a growing and successful business. To reach your full potential, whatever your specialty. Above all, to make a difference in the world by helping people achieve financial security. It’s a career journey you can be proud of, and you’ll find plenty of support along the way. Our development programs range from skill-building to management training, and we value our diverse and inclusive workplace where all voices can be heard. Recognized as one of Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies, New York Life is committed to improving local communities through a culture of employee giving and service, supported by our Foundation. It all adds up to a rewarding career at a company where doing right by our customers is part of who we are, as a mutual company without outside shareholders. We invite you to bring your talents to New York Life, so we can continue to help families and businesses “Be Good At Life.” To learn more, please visit LinkedIn, our Newsroom and the Careers page of www.NewYorkLife.com.



New York Life Real Estate Investors has an immediate opening for an entry-level Mortgage Loan Associate in its Home Office located in New York City, New York.



This position offers an outstanding opportunity to learn and develop a solid career in commercial real estate and interact with seasoned real estate professionals.  A senior manager trains and works closely with entry-level associates to ensure proper guidance and expectations.



Role Overview:

The Associate will primarily manage a regional portfolio of commercial mortgage assets to ensure compliance with both financial and non-financial loan agreement terms.  The Associate will be involved in all aspects of the mortgage loan from acquisition to disposition including all borrower requests, financial analysis, covenant compliance, lease and rent roll reviews, market research, data management and analytics.



Skills and Qualifications:

Eager to learn and build a career in real estate.
Critical thinker, detail-oriented, capable of handling competing priorities.
Self-motivated, conscientious, takes pride in providing high quality work product.
Strong written and verbal communications.
Positive demeanor and the ability to work cooperatively with other team members.

Education:
A four-year bachelor’s degree is required preferably in real estate, finance, economics, accounting or other business degree with an investment focus.

THE COMPANY
New York Life Real Estate Investors is a full-service, fully-integrated real estate enterprise with $55+ billion in assets under management.  The focus is origination and management of real-estate-related debt and equity investments on behalf of New York Life Insurance Company and third-party investors. Our three investment platforms include: Commercial Mortgage Loans, Direct Equity Investment and Real Estate Securities Investment (CMBS and REIT debt). More information on the Company can be found at: www.newyorklife.com/realestateinvestors.

New York Life Real Estate Investors is a division of NYL Investors LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of New York Life Insurance Company, a 175-year-old mutual life insurance company.

#LI-MD1

EOE M/F/D/V



If you have difficulty using or interacting with any portions of this Web site due to incompatibility with an Assistive Technology, if you need the information in an alternative format, or if you have suggestions on how we can make this site more accessible, please contact us at: (212) 576-5811.


Job Segment: Real Estate, Realtor, Loan, Social Media, Equity, Sales, Finance, Marketing
