Job Description
If you’re passionate about helping people protect what matters most to them, as well as innovating and simplifying processes and operations to provide the best customer value, then Nationwide’s Property and Casualty team could be the place for you!

Compensation Grade: E3

This role can be filled at either the Sr Analyst (E) or Analyst(D) level depending on the qualifications of the selected candidate.

This role in the emerging Small Commercial Business Insights organization will be key in bolstering analytics within the business decision process.  In this role, you’ll be expected to master the art of performing analytical assessments in Small Commercial alongside business partners to drive positive, measurable change.  You will be expected to innovate, take time to think, and, when appropriate, disrupt the status quo in the spirit of positively pushing Small Commercial forward.

Strongly preferred qualifications include an ability to code and analyze data in SAS/R/Python as well as an ability to proactively interface and problem solve alongside our Small Commercial business partners.  Prior knowledge of Std. Commercial Lines a plus.

Job Description Summary

Provides support in all phases of financial and operational measurement life-cycle supporting the business unit. Partners with internal customers in determining data and information needs, and in determining the use of information to aid them in making business decisions. Interprets and examines information needs, creates and maintains ad hoc and ongoing reports, and maintains internal databases for related functional information.
Job Description

Reporting Relationships:  Manager/ Director

Core Duties and Responsibilities:

Partners with internal customers in determining data and information needs that will aid them in business decisions.  Develops, produces and maintains ad hoc and custom reports for functional area information needs. Interprets information contained in reports as requested or needed. Uses various data access tools to pull information for reports and solutions.
Responsible for effectively delivering own project work.  Plans and manages execution of own work, participates in planning, and delivers on commitments.
Provides support in the creation, packaging and communication of financial and operational measurement work using appropriate statistical and visual solutions, and mediums for relevant insights and applicable data visualizations.
Retrieves data from internal and external sources and data files in order to keep internal databases current and usable. Exports information to external sources.
Assists in the delivery of financial and operational measurement work to the appropriate area of the company as assigned.
Assists in building and/or leveraging business intelligence applications using statistical, database, and/or general programming languages and tools.  Assists in leveraging technology for data management, report automation and/or ad hoc reporting for end users.
Applies appropriate quantitative techniques and methods to help solve business problems.
Participates in special projects and teams.  Contribute to the continuous improvement of department processes through ongoing initiatives.
Presents actionable recommendations, presentations, reports, and documents to help with the use of the information.
Performs other duties as assigned.


Typical Skills and Experiences:

Education: Undergraduate studies in computer science, management information, business, mathematics, or related field with post-graduate studies preferred.

Experience: Four years of related experience with data visualization tools and problem solving; working with large customer and/or prospect databases; working with product, geographic, demographic data to create understandable and relevant measures.

Knowledge, Abilities and Skills: Knowledge of business and/or insurance policies and procedures, customer service concepts and practices.  Familiarity with insurance industry or business terminology, processes, regulatory and compliance issues is desired. Understanding of and working knowledge to create and maintain ad hoc and standard reports, including data visualization tools. Understanding of and working knowledge to conduct data management and extraction of data for reporting. Verbal and written communication skills for interaction within the functional area, information documentation and report formulation. Ability to understand business processes and the data produced by them. Ability to understand functional and operational measurement needs, analyze data requests, and interpret business problems into solutions. Ability to work under tight time constraints. Ability to effectively operate a personal computer with business software applications for data import/export, manipulation, reporting and analysis. Capable of developing distinctive and understandable data visualizations.

Critical Thinking and Problem Solving – uses rigorous logic and methods to solve difficult problems with effective solutions, probes different sources for answers, and can see hidden problems.

Communication – is able to clearly and succinctly communicate information and ideas through a variety of media in a manner that engages the audience and helps them understand and retain the message.

Time Management – is able to plan and prioritize tasks, uses time effectively and efficiently, and can work on multiple concurrent projects.

Other criteria, including leadership skills, competencies and experiences may take precedence.

Staffing exceptions to the above must be approved by the hiring manager’s leader and HR Business Partner.

Values:  Regularly and consistently demonstrates the Nationwide Values and Guiding Behaviors.

Job Conditions:

Overtime Eligibility: Exempt (Not Eligible)

ADA:  The above statements cover what are generally believed to be principal and essential functions of this job.  Specific circumstances may allow or require some people assigned to the job to perform a somewhat different combination of duties. 
