Job Description
If you're passionate about being part of a diverse organization that enables a Fortune 100 company to deliver innovative business solutions with excellence, then Nationwide's Legal team could be the place for you!

Job Description Summary

Would you thrive in an environment where you can deliver top-quality legal services to support the mission of a Fortune 100 insurance company to protect people, businesses and futures with extraordinary care? If you possess the academic credentials, strong analytical skills and legal acumen needed for successful litigation work, our team may be the right place for you!

Nationwide Trial Division (NTD) is a national team with approximately 40 offices throughout six regions across the United States. As a Managing Trial Attorney (MTA), you’ll lead one of those offices within a region with the opportunity to directly influence and drive the office’s reputation, performance, and health in alignment with Nationwide’s overall mission and NTD’s strategic objectives. Similar to a managing partner, you’ll be accountable for all aspects of office operations, including staffing (trial attorneys, paralegals and support staff), case assignments, quality and delivery of legal services, budgeting, workflow and associate development and performance. You’ll work closely with senior leadership to grow the office’s case referrals, as well as cultivate strong and enduring relationships with claims partners at all levels. You’ll typically have no fewer than 10 direct reports, and in some larger offices, may manage a second MTA (H-4). There also may be limited opportunities for you to directly handle cases.
Job Description

Key Responsibilities:

Implements, manages and complies with all aspects of NTD best practices, processes and guidelines, providing training as needed. Knowledgeable in highly specialized and dedicated commercial practice and other specialty areas. Partners with National Practice Group Associate Vice Presidents on any performance-related matters in specialty areas. Identifies and shares opportunities for increasing attorney proficiency in specialized and commercial practice areas.
Manages attorney, paralegal and support staff performance and productivity for assigned office. May supervise MTA (H-4). Reviews, assigns work, and monitors quality and productivity. Assesses case performance on open and closed files; seeks feedback from claims partners and NTD senior leadership. Ensures follow up and action plans are implemented and any deficiencies in the office are resolved. Monitors ongoing compliance.  May have limited opportunities to handle your own caseload (ideally no more than 5 cases, if any).  Responsible for development, coaching and feedback, training and mentoring individual associates.
Maintains and promotes good relationships with clients and claims management. Partners with senior leadership in recommending strategies to increase and retain claims business. Works with claim leadership to assess needs for litigation defense strategies for new product lines and new theories of liability and then works with NTD Leadership team on training and development opportunities for associates.
Manages and coordinates all administrative functions, including expenses, for the office. Collaborates with Business Operations to ensure that administration services provided to the office are at an acceptable level. Serves as the primary contact for identifying NTD corporate real estate needs. Participates in site surveys/selections; partners with vendors in the relocation of Trial Division offices.
Responsible for preparation of various business reports to manage office. Reviews and analyzes trends and recommendations to upper management regarding short-term and long-term critical business decisions. Assists leadership team with monitoring industry and litigation trends and making recommendations on development and training opportunities for staff.
Monitors and responds to office growth demands and reduction in force, including staffing, physical plan and technology needs. Provides recommendations to senior leaders regarding increasing efficiencies and decreasing costs. Plans and coordinates projects regarding systems and processes changes. Ensures compliance with technology expectations and associate capabilities with technology managed in the office.
May perform other duties as assigned.

Team Composition:

Direct reports: Attorneys, paralegals and staff support staff. Composition and number of reports will vary dependent upon office. Indirect reports include all reports of other people leader in the office.

Reporting Relationships: Regional Associate Vice President

Typical Skills and Experiences:

Education: Juris Doctor degree from an accredited law school.

License/Certification/Designation: Maintains an active license in the state in which the position is located.

Experience: Seasoned attorney in an area of law. Typically has a minimum of 15 years of civil litigation, trial experience, and substantial jury trial experience as lead counsel. Significant management experience required.

Knowledge, Abilities and Skills: Deep or significant experience in a specific or highly complex area of law. Considered the subject matter expert within his or her area of legal expertise and/or possessing strong leadership skills to manage an area of expertise. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Significant negotiation skills. Excellent analytical and legal skills. Computer savvy with a working knowledge of basic software and use of the same. Good time management and organization skills. Contact with all levels of management and clients. Ability to train trial attorneys, paralegals and support staff. Decision making ability to set work priorities and make recommendations. Ability to initiate, organize and coordinate complex projects and cases. Strong leadership skills used to direct and /or indirect influencing such as team building, motivating, influencing and problem solving.

Other criteria, including leadership skills, competencies and experiences may take precedence.

Staffing exceptions to the above must be approved by the hiring manager’s leader and Human Resources Business Partner.

Values: Regularly and consistently demonstrates the Nationwide Values and Guiding Behaviors. Complies with the private practice of law policy and the ethical rules of the state where the position is located. Must also acknowledge and comply with all corporate and NTD policies and procedures

Job Conditions:

Overtime Eligibility: Not Eligible (Exempt).

Working Conditions: Normal office environment. Frequent Travel. Occasional overnight travel. Extended hours are often necessary to meet the demands of the profession.

ADA: The above statements cover what are generally believed to be principal and essential functions of this job. Specific circumstances may allow or require some people assigned to the job to perform a somewhat different combination of duties.

Credit Check: Due to the fiduciary accountabilities of this job, a valid credit check and/or background will be required as part of the selection process.

Job Evaluation Activity: 5/2020 KLG

#legal
