The Senior Manager of Corporate Communications is responsible for managing and leading Corporate Communications, working with senior leaders throughout the company to defend and build the company’s reputation, develop the strategy for telling stories of the company and employees and, at times, be an internal and external face of the company. This role will also be responsible for leading and developing a small team.

What you will do:
Corporate Communications
Proactive and reactive media relations, including crisis communications. Help to manage various issues and crisis situations in the company, either directly with the media or through leading and/or assisting other members of the team.
Analyze proactive and reactive situations within specific business units and provide recommendations as needed. Specific elements include:
Assist with press strategy and responses, developing key messages and working with partners to protect the reputation of the company and take advantage of opportunities that present themselves.
Develop and execute on strategic external communication plans for crisis scenarios.
Media Relations Strategy and Execution
Develop and execute media relations strategy, and manage reactive media relations, for various business teams, including privacy and security, digital and technology, legal, finance and others.
Research and vet opportunities and speaking engagements for select executives.
Develop key messages.

Relationship Management
Build and maintain relationships with reporters, editors and producers both locally and nationally.
Develop internal relationships that impact Corporate Communications team.
Lead and manage direct report(s) and small team.
Basic Requirements:
7 or more years of media relations experience, including crisis communications
5 or more years of strategic communication planning
3 or more years of developing and managing projects with internal stakeholders

Preferred Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Communications, Journalism or Business, or equivalent industry experience
3 or more years of leading teams and developing employees
Ability to meet aggressive daily, weekly deadlines
Ability to work in a team environment, working on assignments with overlapping priorities and schedules
Ability to find, create and tell meaningful stories through a variety of channels
Excellent media relations skills
Excellent writing skills
Strong copy writing, editing skills and knowledge of AP style

How we take care of our employees:
In addition to offering challenging and fulfilling opportunities, we also provide competitive salary and a bonus program. Our benefits include paid caregiver leave, 23 days of PTO and a generous employee discount. The corporate campus has many amazing amenities, including a full cafeteria, fitness center, onsite discounted daycare, not one but two Caribou Coffee locations, US Bank, dry-cleaning service, onsite farmers market every week and free covered parking.
Auto Req. ID770059BR
Employment CategoryCommunications/Public Relations/Government & Public Affairs
Job LevelManager without Direct Reports
Location Number910010-215-Comm/PA/PR
Address7601 Penn Avenue South
CityRichfield
StateMN
