Req #: WHQ00018143
Location: Chicago, IL, US
Job Category: Professional Opportunities

We have a wide variety of career opportunities around the world — come find yours.

Department overview


Visual Storytelling contributor within Corporate Communications that conceives, sources, develops and produces digital media content (HD video, digital audio & high res graphics, etc.) to support internal, external and social media audiences. Position must promote confidence and quickly create a rapport with leadership, employees and customers. This position is required oversee and develop junior members of team, as well as work collaboratively with multiple divisions, departments and individuals throughout United Airlines to provide digital media components that meet client goals and objectives.

Job overview and responsibilities:

* Source story content, write, edit and oversee all aspects of video production for corporate communications and other enterprise partners

* Collaborate with internal work groups and vendors to position campaigns/initiatives

* Coordinate videographers, editors, location releases and approvals/clearances for all narratives and campaigns

* Partner with corporate leadership to develop strategy and identify opportunities to reach and connect with employees and customer base

* Lead/ manage production assistant




Required

Strong project management skills; creative, trustworthy, flexible, passionate and diligent; ability to interface with all levels of employees and executive management, including outside agencies and possess excellent communications skills
Strategic thinker, accomplished in executing and delivering compelling content.  Team player, with a track record or leading a team with successful results.  Ability to identify impactful stories and bring them to lifeindependently, quickly and efficiently. A desire to create engaging, social-first content in effort to connect United's employees and customers around the world.
Bachelor’s degree; Background with demonstrated skill set in professional media situation or corporate environment.
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States for any employer without sponsorship
Five to 10 years of professional experience working in a fast-paced, dynamic corporate environment managing a variety of projects; ability to direct and lead a diverse team of skilled creative professionals; strong interpersonal skills to interact with various levels of clients, including interfacing with all levels of employees, senior management and executives; develop, manage and administrate a budget;  effectively navigate complex and unplanned business issues.
Preferred

Preferred producer is highly regarded for their creative agency experience and the ability to over see projects with tight timelines and limited budgets. Has ability to scale up or down depending on scope of work.
Familiarity with Apple products, Microsoft Office 365 and Adobe Creative Suite.
Other

Successful completion of interview required to meet job qualification
Reliable, punctual attendance is an essential function of the position



Equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT
