Advance your Finance and Accounting career at Liberty Mutual Insurance- A Fortune 100 Company!


When you enter a finance and accounting position at Liberty Mutual Insurance, you’ll find the same dynamic environment and challenges as within other organizations. Yet you’ll find something more: an opportunity to apply your analytic and technical skills to a company renowned for its integrity and focus on developing its employees’ careers.


Liberty Mutual’s highly integrated tax organization provides a collegial framework to achieve results. Typically, professionals contribute across all the key components of tax including planning & research, audits, compliance & financial reporting.


The structure of the tax organization encourages and drives collaboration and teamwork. Therefore, you need to be an excellent communicator and execution oriented to succeed. A successful candidate will need to take ownership of key projects and deliverables, as well as manage ambiguity. The ability to be flexible and comfortable with change will also be critical to your success.

Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or related field. Advanced degree (MST/MSA) or CPA preferred.
Minimum of 3 years of professional corporate income tax experience, preferably with a major public accounting firm or large multi-national company.
Intermediate knowledge of U.S. international tax rules, including the calculation of Subpart F income, Foreign Tax Credits, Earnings and Profits, Sec. 78 Gross Up.
Willingness to become conversant in the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 as it applies to the US international provisions including but not limited to FTC, GILTI and BEAT.
Working knowledge of U.S. GAAP with an emphasis on ASC 740 (FAS 109).  Moderate experience analyzing valuation allowance and FIN 48 positions, preparing financial statement disclosures and other income tax accounting calculations.
Ability to utilize and manage various tax compliance and tax provision software (e.g. CorpTax, OneSource/TaxStream).
Excellent written and oral communication skills and ability to lead projects effectively
Highly motivated individual with ability to multitask and complete deliverables within time constraints and deadlines.
Insurance industry experience is not required.
Benefits:

We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to positive change. In return for your service, it’s our privilege to offer you benefits and rewards that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/Benefits


Overview:

At Liberty Mutual, we give motivated, accomplished professionals the opportunity to help us redefine what insurance means; to work for a global leader with a deep sense of humanity and a focus on improving and protecting everyday lives.  We create an inspired, collaborative environment, where people can take ownership of their work; push breakthrough ideas; and feel confident that their contributions will be valued and their growth championed.


We’re dedicated to doing the right thing for our employees, because we know that their fulfillment and success leads us to great places. Life. Happiness. Innovation. Impact. Advancement. Whatever their pursuit, talented people find their path at Liberty Mutual.


Responsibilities:
Prepares complex US international tax compliance deliverables and reviews routine to moderately complex tax compliance deliverables including forms 5471, 8865, 926 and foreign tax credits.
Implements process improvements.
Conduct research for complex tax issues, document conclusions in memos and present findings to management.
Analyze complex financial information and prepare/review deliverables for the global income tax provision process on a monthly, quarterly and annual basis.
Assist in complex tax planning initiatives.
Keep abreast of current tax laws, regulations and practices. Identify changes that impact the business and communicate them to management.
Lead the preparation and review of responses to IRS information requests and proactively identify adjustments to be proposed.
Act as a mentor to staff through training, coaching and providing feedback on performance.
Work effectively with other areas of Corporate Taxation and other Finance functions, and demonstrate leadership in cross-functional initiatives.
