Advance your career at Liberty Mutual – A Fortune 100 Company!

Note: This is a work from home position but will cover all of Utah.

Summary:

Are you passionate about supporting your clients and achieving success? Liberty Mutual’s Insurance Defense Attorneys represent the Company and its policyholders in civil litigation matters involving claims for money damages or compensation for personal injury or property damage of a moderate value with moderately complex legal issues.


We have an exciting opportunity for an attorney with experience in litigation including depositions, motion practice and arbitrations. You will handle a full case load of personal injury cases while providing guidance and counsel to your clients through effective communication. This is a phenomenal opportunity to litigate cases and gain trial experience for a major insurance company in a collaborative and inclusive environment that includes annual performance bonuses, work/life balance, 20 days flexible time off per year, personal holidays, 401k with a match and a pension plan.


Travel for appearances.


Responsibilities:

You will use Litigation Protocols to develop and revise appropriate legal strategy for discovery, investigation, handling and trial/hearing of cases or matters; advises communicate and develop those strategies and personally meet with Liberty Mutual’s Claims Representatives and insured Clients to render clear, unambiguous legal opinions and advice.

Understand and creatively use technology; apply technology to the process of law to improve quality and reduce cost. Possess the skills necessary to use technology to work remotely. Capable of working with office staff who are remotely located.

You will conduct necessary and appropriate discovery, hearings, trials, depositions, oral arguments, mediations, arbitrations and similar proceedings. Researches the law applicable to cases or matters; drafts legal documents, pleadings, motions, briefs and opinions as required. If requested, conducts settlement negotiations.

Remains current with developments in the law; understands medical, scientific, construction, products, engineering or similar issues and defenses involved with cases or matters.

Prepares and conducts training sessions for the Legal, Claims or other departments as required.

Qualifications:
Completion of law school with LLB or JD and admission to the bar in Utah.
Special license to practice before a particular board or federal court may be necessary.
A minimum of 1+  successful years as an attorney.
The individual is required to have a general knowledge of insurance law and specific understanding of the operations and requirements of insured clients, customers and Liberty Mutual.
The ability to effectively communicate and persuade by printed or spoken word is critical.
Experience and ability appropriate to the level of cases or matters handled.
Benefits:


We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to positive change. In return for your service, it’s our privilege to offer you benefits and rewards that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/Benefits


Overview:

At Liberty Mutual, we give motivated, accomplished professionals the opportunity to help us redefine what insurance means; to work for a global leader with a deep sense of humanity and a focus on improving and protecting everyday lives.  We create an inspired, collaborative environment, where people can take ownership of their work; push breakthrough ideas; and feel confident that their contributions will be valued and their growth championed.

We’re dedicated to doing the right thing for our employees, because we know that their fulfillment and success leads us to great places. Life. Happiness. Innovation. Impact. Advancement. Whatever their pursuit, talented people find their path at Liberty Mutual.


Job Specifications:

Reference: 114390
Category: Legal; Experienced Professionals
Primary Location: Salt Lake City, UT
Additional Locations: Provo, UT; Ogden, UT;
Schedule: Full-timeSalary: $70,000-$71,700
Education Level: Doctorate Degree (over 19 years)
Shift: Day Job
Travel: Yes, 25 % of the Time
