Advance your career at Liberty Mutual – A Fortune 100 Company!

Safeco sells insurance through more than 10,000 independent agents nationally and no two are exactly alike. The Agent Customer Service Representative provides support and ease of doing business for our independent agents through offering complete and accurate information while providing a superb experience. After attending our informative and interactive paid training program, you will become a subject matter expert in educating our agents on our innovative systems and services which allows them to promote quality growth for Safeco.

Our Common Purpose is the guiding principle that exemplifies the way we behave at Liberty Mutual Insurance. It defines how we interact with our customers, agents, and each other to deliver the kind of exceptional customer experience that differentiates us from our competitors.


Responsibilities:
Delivers expertise by identifying and analyzing agent needs to offer solutions on Safeco products and services, and provide education on self-service tools.
Research policy, coverage and eligibility provisions
Upholds our client care standards by achieving individual goals on call quality, handle time, adherence, first call resolution, and reliability.
Maintains and tracks accurate data in various computer systems.
Our call center class begins on October 26, 2020 . Our hours of operation are from 5:00am – 8:00pm PST, 6 days a week (Monday through Saturday).  We support our customers 6 days a week throughout the year so our customer service representatives need to be flexible to work within the hours of operation, plus weekends and holidays.



Through our company paid 6 week training program, you will learn about insurance policies, regulations, servicing, systems and what it takes to demonstrate our Quality Standards and Common Purpose, delighting our customers and agents every step of the way. Training hours are from 7:00am to 3:30pm PST, Monday through Friday. This includes formal online instruction and assessments.


Qualifications:
Associates degree in a business related field or equivalent training required.
Minimum of 6 months related work experience required; customer service experience or help desk preferred.
Ability to review, record and organize information from a variety of departments.
Excellent oral, written and interpersonal communication skills, and the capacity to multi-task in a structured work environment.
Ability to handle confidential and proprietary information.
Proficiency with computers is mandatory; Knowledge and ability to use Microsoft office.
Benefits:



We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to positive change. In return for your service, it’s our privilege to offer you benefits and rewards that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/Benefits

Overview:


At Liberty Mutual, we give motivated, accomplished professionals the opportunity to help us redefine what insurance means; to work for a global leader with a deep sense of humanity and a focus on improving and protecting everyday lives.  We create an inspired, collaborative environment, where people can take ownership of their work; push breakthrough ideas; and feel confident that their contributions will be valued and their growth championed.

We’re dedicated to doing the right thing for our employees, because we know that their fulfillment and success leads us to great places. Life. Happiness. Innovation. Impact. Advancement. Whatever their pursuit, talented people find their path at Liberty Mutual.



Job Specifications:

Reference: 114238
Category: Customer Service; Experienced Professionals
Primary Location: Liberty Lake, WA
Additional Locations: Indianapolis, IN;
Schedule: Full-timeSalary: $40,000-$40,000
Education Level: High School Diploma/GED (±11 years)
Shift: Variable
Travel: No
