Description
Dow's Information Systems function is seeking individuals for an exciting and challenging opportunity as an entry level Systems Analyst located in one of the global IT centers -- at Dow's global headquarters in Midland, MI or nearby Auburn, MI. This position is for individuals who will be graduating in December 2020 or by August 2021 with a Bachelor's or Master's degree in a related technical discipline.

The Systems Analyst will support projects that are critical to moving forward Dow’s IT Strategy and digitally transforming the organization. They will support critical business and technical needs for Dow business, research, and manufacturing functions around the world in a variety of process & technology areas including but not limited to artificial intelligence/machine learning, SAP, analytics, mobile application development, cloud architectures and contemporary security solutions.

The successful candidate will have a strong interest in the application of information technology to meet rapidly changing business needs. They will also have to have good judgment, excellent problem-solving skills, and the ability to work with diverse, global teams in an empowered environment. Strong human relation skills, teamwork, project management skills and flexibility are essential for success.

The incumbent may work together with support personnel from the United States; Sao Paulo, Brazil; Mumbai, India; and Shanghai, China, as well as, clients from any other Dow global location.

You will be joining the IT rotation program to enable you to rotate through three IT teams in a five year time span.

Minimum Requirements:

Successful completion of a Bachelor's or Master's degree in December 2019 or through August 2020 in a related technical discipline. Preferred degrees are Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Management of Information Systems (MIS major), or a closely related degree.
A minimum 2.700+ GPA on a 4.000 scale is required, GPAs of 3.000 or higher are preferred.
A minimum requirement for this US-based position is the ability to work legally in the United States on a permanent basis. Applicants who do not have the necessary permanent work authorization will not be considered for this US-based position.
Dow Offers:

A robust total rewards program, including: competitive base pay, variable pay that rewards individual, team, and Company performance, and comprehensive benefits
On-going learning opportunities within a diverse, inclusive and rewarding work environment
Career experiences that can span different Dow businesses and functions with opportunities for personal and professional growth
The chance to work within a global company and interact with colleagues from around the world
Opportunities that spark your imagination and ignite your passion to help others
About Dow

Dow (NYSE: DOW) combines global breadth, asset integration and scale, focused innovation and leading business positions to achieve profitable growth. The Company’s ambition is to become the most innovative, customer centric, inclusive and sustainable materials science company. Dow’s portfolio of plastics, industrial intermediates, coatings and silicones businesses delivers a broad range of differentiated science-based products and solutions for its customers in high-growth market segments, such as packaging, infrastructure and consumer care. Dow operates 109 manufacturing sites in 31 countries and employs approximately 36,500 people. Dow delivered sales of approximately $43 billion in 2019. References to Dow or the Company mean Dow Inc. and its subsidiaries. For more information, please visit www.dow.com or follow @DowNewsroom on Twitter.

As part of our dedication to the diversity of our workforce, Dow is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity without regard for race, color, national origin, ethnicity, gender, protected veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or religion. We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at http://www.dow.com/en-us/contact-us or you may call us at 1-800-523-3945.
