Description
Internship opportunities exist in Dow’s Finance organization for individuals who are preferably within one year of graduation and who are working towards a bachelor’s or master’s degree in Accounting, Finance or Accounting Information Systems. We are interested in individuals who are motivated by the challenges and rewards of working for a company that is experiencing tremendous growth and change. The positions are located at Dow’s world headquarters in Midland, Michigan.

Dow’s Finance organization consists of diverse top caliber people who draw on leading-edge technologies and best-in-class financial processes to perform their roles. The combination of size, scope and geographic reach, diversity, and individual empowerment and accountability is what distinguishes Dow from other companies.

Students will be assigned challenging projects that will introduce them to Dow’s global financial systems, procedures and policies, and provide exposure to Dow’s businesses and Finance leaders. Assignments vary and will be designed to complement the student’s prior experiences and background. Student interns will be part of the Dow Chemical National Student Program, which includes students from a variety of educational disciplines and universities. This program provides a competitive salary, paid vacation, paid travel costs to and from college, subsidized housing rates, and planned social activities and events throughout the summer.

At Dow, we look for highly motivated individuals who are passionate about being part of a best-in-class global finance team that enables the Company to meet its business and corporate objectives. We seek to build a diverse workforce of professionals who have the ability to succeed in a global team environment made up of a cross section of disciplines, both technical and non-technical. In addition to excellent finance and business skills, Dow’s finance professionals need superior communication and interpersonal abilities necessary to prosper within a global matrix structure.

Minimum requirements:

Must be currently enrolled and pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Accounting, Accounting Information Systems, Finance, or Business Administration with an emphasis in accounting.
Preferably within one year of graduation (December 2021 or Spring 2022)
Minimum cumulative overall GPA of 3.000 (on a 4.000 scale) is preferred.
A minimum requirement for the U.S. based position is the ability to work legally in the United States. No visa sponsorship/support is available for this position, including for any type of U.S. permanent residency (green card) process.
STUDENTS INTERVIEWING WITH DOW ARE REQUIRED TO BRING A COPY OF THEIR MOST RECENT TRANSCRIPT TO THE INTERVIEW.

Reliable attendance is an expectation of every Dow employee; therefore, the student must provide their own reliable transportation.

Students will be part of the Dow Chemical National Student Program which includes students from a variety of educational disciplines.

About Dow

Dow (NYSE: DOW) combines global breadth, asset integration and scale, focused innovation and leading business positions to achieve profitable growth. The Company’s ambition is to become the most innovative, customer centric, inclusive and sustainable materials science company. Dow’s portfolio of plastics, industrial intermediates, coatings and silicones businesses delivers a broad range of differentiated science-based products and solutions for its customers in high-growth market segments, such as packaging, infrastructure and consumer care. Dow operates 109 manufacturing sites in 31 countries and employs approximately 36,500 people. Dow delivered sales of approximately $43 billion in 2019. References to Dow or the Company mean Dow Inc. and its subsidiaries. For more information, please visit www.dow.com or follow @DowNewsroom on Twitter.

As part of our dedication to the diversity of our workforce, Dow is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity without regard for race, color, national origin, ethnicity, gender, protected veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or religion. We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at http://www.dow.com/en-us/contact-us or you may call us at 1-800-523-3945.
Apply Now
