Job Detail
Date Posted: Thu, 30 Jul 2020

Position:: 2020-2021 Campus Internship – Public Affairs

Schedule: Full time

Job Number: R2008823


Primary location:
Country: United States of America

State/Province: Michigan

City: Midland (MI, USA)


Apply Now
Contact HR
Return to Job Finder
Description
The Dow Public Affairs Internship Program is directed at university or college students who are entering their junior year or senior year. Offered through the National Student Program, the internship program provides on-the-job training during the summer. This program is very competitive and equips students with first-hand knowledge of what it takes to effectively communicate, build reputation and facilitate organizational success for a global Fortune 100 company.

Within Public Affairs, interns will:

Experience working and collaborating on challenging and rewarding projects for a Fortune 100 company
Explore the globe through international teams and projects
Expand skills throughout the summer by working on teams with seasoned professionals
Exchange ideas with fellow communications professionals
Past interns have completed projects in the following areas:

Business Communications
Branding
Digital and Social Media
Employee Communications
Minimum Requirements:

Pursuing a degree in Public Relations, Communications, Journalism, Advertising, Marketing or a related field.
A minimum requirement for the U.S. based position is the ability to work legally in the United States. No visa sponsorship/support is available for this position, including for any type of U.S. permanent residency (green card) process.

Preferred Qualifications:

An overall minimum GPA of 3.000 at your current university (on a scale of 4.000) is preferred.
One to two previous internships or work experience in the Public Relations, Communications, Journalism, Advertising or a related field (preferred).
About Dow

Dow (NYSE: DOW) combines global breadth, asset integration and scale, focused innovation and leading business positions to achieve profitable growth. The Company’s ambition is to become the most innovative, customer centric, inclusive and sustainable materials science company. Dow’s portfolio of plastics, industrial intermediates, coatings and silicones businesses delivers a broad range of differentiated science-based products and solutions for its customers in high-growth market segments, such as packaging, infrastructure and consumer care. Dow operates 109 manufacturing sites in 31 countries and employs approximately 36,500 people. Dow delivered sales of approximately $43 billion in 2019. References to Dow or the Company mean Dow Inc. and its subsidiaries. For more information, please visit www.dow.com or follow @DowNewsroom on Twitter.

As part of our dedication to the diversity of our workforce, Dow is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity without regard for race, color, national origin, ethnicity, gender, protected veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or religion. We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at http://www.dow.com/en-us/contact-us or you may call us at 1-800-523-3945.
