Description
Dow has an exciting job opportunity as a Junior Run Plant Technician located in Wilmington, DE.

Responsibilities / Duties

Works within strict guidelines and a defined area to ensure safe and efficient operation of assigned plant areas.
Operates and field checks process equipment, and monitors process conditions, equipment, and control systems in a defined area.
Performs tasks assigned to operations as per Master Task List (e.g. Field checks, equipment preparation, samples, etc.).
Develop basic trouble shooting skills to resolve process related deviations and problems.
Monitors, collects, and inputs plant metrics for Statistical Process Control, asset utilization, conversion costs, production yields, and identifies opportunities for plant optimization.
Develop skills to perform process equipment troubleshooting, minor repairs, improvements and preventative maintenance.
Seeks guidance and training from Sr. Pilot Plant Technicians and Technologists.
Develop foundational understanding of Life Critical Standards, operate plant discipline, and facility safety culture.
Completes all assigned training per facility training plan.

**Dow does not offer relocation if the position is offered to someone who lives outside the area or reimbursement for travel to and from interviews. If you consider a position that is not within the area you reside you will be responsible for all cost that incur.**

Required Qualifications:

Proficiency in Microsoft applications, such as Word and Excel, and have the ability to learn new systems quickly.
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Good interpersonal skills are required.
Must have strong multi-tasking, problem solving and time management skills.
Demonstrate leadership skills - inspire others and lead them through influence.
A self-starter who can identify, prioritize and accomplish multiple tasks.
Must be able to read, write, and speak English.
Must be able to do the following with or without a reasonable accommodation.
Must be willing and able to work in such environments wearing safety equipment, such as earplugs, goggles, and steel-toed shoes.
Must be willing and able to use respirators.
Must be willing and able to work in such environments with frequent bending, reaching, and lifting up to 50 pounds.
Must be willing and able to work in such environments working in tight or closed-in spaces.
Must be willing and able to climb stairs/ladders and working high off the ground.
Must be willing and able to stand or walk for extended periods of time.
A minimum requirement for this U.S. based position is the ability to work legally in the United States. No visa sponsorship/support is available for this position, including for any type of U.S. permanent residency (green card) process.
Preferred Qualifications:

1 or more years of experience within chemical, manufacturing, oil/gas or industrial environment preferred.
Safety oriented.
Education:

Associate’s degree, or higher, in relevant field OR 4+ years military experience preferred.
This role will have an assessment to complete during the application process. Please allow 30 minutes - 1 hour to complete the assessment at the time of application. You will not be able to save your application for later.


Even if you have taken this assessment before please click on the link. An assessment is required for each position you apply to.

Dow Offers:

A robust total rewards program, including: competitive base pay, variable pay that rewards individual, team, and Company performance, and comprehensive benefits
On-going learning opportunities within a diverse, inclusive and rewarding work environment
Career experiences that can span different Dow businesses and functions with opportunities for personal and professional growth
The chance to work within a global company and interact with colleagues from around the world
Opportunities that spark your imagination and ignite your passion to help others
About Dow

Dow (NYSE: DOW) combines global breadth, asset integration and scale, focused innovation and leading business positions to achieve profitable growth. The Company’s ambition is to become the most innovative, customer centric, inclusive and sustainable materials science company. Dow’s portfolio of plastics, industrial intermediates, coatings and silicones businesses delivers a broad range of differentiated science-based products and solutions for its customers in high-growth market segments, such as packaging, infrastructure and consumer care. Dow operates 109 manufacturing sites in 31 countries and employs approximately 36,500 people. Dow delivered sales of approximately $43 billion in 2019. References to Dow or the Company mean Dow Inc. and its subsidiaries. For more information, please visit www.dow.com or follow @DowNewsroom on Twitter.

As part of our dedication to the diversity of our workforce, Dow is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity without regard for race, color, national origin, ethnicity, gender, protected veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or religion. We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at http://www.dow.com/en-us/contact-us or you may call us at 1-800-523-3945.
