Description
How can your expertise make a difference?

DOW’s Commercial Development Program (CDP) is a long-standing leadership training program for aspiring Sales and Marketing candidates. Every day, Dow Account Managers make significant contributions toward achieving Dow's vision of becoming the most inclusive, sustainable, customer-centric and innovative material science company. A career with Dow's Sales & Marketing organization promises to be rewarding and filled with experiences that will continue to challenge and grow your personal and professional skill set.

Account managers at Dow serve as "solution consultants" to Dow's global customer base. They work closely with current and future customers to better understand their business needs and goals. A successful account manager leads a cross functional team to discover and recommend solutions creating value for both our customers, and for Dow.

Dow account managers work in a business-to-business (B2B) sales environment. Customer contact occurs at all levels within the customer organizations: executive decision makers, application development, manufacturing, marketing and purchasing. Account managers both cultivate and grow existing relationships and implement development strategies with new customer organizations. They orchestrate Dow's internal customer focused team on behalf of their customers.

Successful Account Managers at Dow can be described as:

Passionate for discovering and understanding the needs/goals of our customers and offering solutions based upon those needs.
Enjoy a high degree of people interaction, interfacing with a wide range of roles and job levels both externally and within Dow.
Seek a fast paced and dynamic work environment with the ability to work independently (virtual office) and within business teams to develop your own strategy to achieve goals and desire significant responsibility early in your career.
Dow’s Commercial Development Program offers a structured program designed for new college graduates. Our program sets you up for success as you enter the business world. You will participate in a variety of experiences designed to build skills and familiarize you with the resources you will be managing on behalf of Dow's customers, as well as the unique opportunity to engage with senior leaders across the company.

Minimum Requirements:

A Bachelor’s Degree in Business or Engineering preferred.
A minimum GPA of 2.700 (4.000 scale).
Core Competencies of a successful candidate include initiative, interpersonal effectiveness, leadership, communication skills, and the ability to problem solve with and through other people in complex situations.
A minimum requirement for a U.S. based position is the ability to work legally in the United States. No visa sponsorship/support is available for this position, including for any type of U.S. permanent residency (green card) process.
Successful CDP’s will begin their career in Midland, MI. Domestic relocation likely after the completion of the program (4-6 months) to a Dow sales hub (Midland, Chicago, Houston, Atlanta, Philadelphia). Personal transportation is a requirement.

Note: The 2020 CDP class was held virtually due to COVID-19 for the health and safety of employees.

Dow Offers:

A robust total rewards program, including: competitive base pay, variable pay that rewards individual, team, and Company performance, and comprehensive benefits
On-going learning opportunities within a diverse, inclusive and rewarding work environment
Career experiences that can span different Dow businesses and functions with opportunities for personal and professional growth
The chance to work within a global company and interact with colleagues from around the world
Opportunities that spark your imagination and ignite your passion to help others
About Dow

Dow (NYSE: DOW) combines global breadth, asset integration and scale, focused innovation and leading business positions to achieve profitable growth. The Company’s ambition is to become the most innovative, customer centric, inclusive and sustainable materials science company. Dow’s portfolio of plastics, industrial intermediates, coatings and silicones businesses delivers a broad range of differentiated science-based products and solutions for its customers in high-growth market segments, such as packaging, infrastructure and consumer care. Dow operates 109 manufacturing sites in 31 countries and employs approximately 36,500 people. Dow delivered sales of approximately $43 billion in 2019. References to Dow or the Company mean Dow Inc. and its subsidiaries. For more information, please visit www.dow.com or follow @DowNewsroom on Twitter.

As part of our dedication to the diversity of our workforce, Dow is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity without regard for race, color, national origin, ethnicity, gender, protected veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or religion. We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at http://www.dow.com/en-us/contact-us or you may call us at 1-800-523-3945.
