If you are looking to make an impact on a meaningful scale, come join us as we raise the world's expectations for how much good food can do!

Work Shift:

1ST SHIFT (United States of America)
Job Summary

This role will be part of a new team that is being commissioned to investigate, evaluate and develop automation solutions for Tyson Foods.  The role will consist of visiting, documenting and solutioning new automation and robotics capabilities into Tyson’s production plants.  This is a role focused on the use of modern technologies such as Internet of Things, predictive and prescriptive analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence.  This role / team will identify opportunities, develop proof of concept solutions and present to executive leadership.  Upon approval, this team would then work to implement these solutions into production facilities.  It will require a strong partnership with the Information Technology team, existing engineering groups, production plant leadership and executive leadership.

Duties and Responsibilities

Visit plant locations, learn and understand the production processes; identify and document automation opportunities
Assess the financial and efficiency impacts of these opportunities and design solutions in collaboration with key stakeholders in operations and technology teams.
Create proof of concept solutions that can be demonstrated and tested to drive efficiency, worker safety and financial returns leveraging modern technologies such as IoT, Machine Learning, Robotics and Artificial Intelligence
Work with Mechanical and Electrical teams, and Software engineers to design and integrate production hardware and software.
Design, validate, and execute appropriate test methods to address system design and performance issues.
Facilitate complex problem-solving skills, enhanced collaboration across functional groups, and support development efforts for current manufacturing hardware and new system development.
The position entails rigorous process discipline and documentation practices as well as excellent cross-functional communication skills to assure functionality, safety, reliability and quality of the product.
Partner with industry leading technology companies and emerging technology startups to source and apply the new technologies
This position may require up to 25% of travel
Desired Skills and Experience

A passion for modern technology, a true desire to leverage the most advanced technologies available to improve worker safety, operational efficiency, and financial impacts
Bachelor of Science degree in Industrial/Mechanical/Electrical Engineering, or equivalent degree or education.
1 to 2 years of direct related experience.
Working knowledge and experience in industrial robotics and their application
Working knowledge and experience in using predictive analytics and machine learning
Lean Six Sigma knowledge, with experience in process streamlining and automation
Excellent oral and written communication skills, demonstrated technical writing skills, strong interpersonal skills, and works well with others.
Experience with industrial Internet of Things (IoT) devices and their deployment at scale
Should demonstrate a strong interest in cross-functional project work.
Knowledge of or experience with HMIs through Inductive Automation’s Ignition platform to understand existing solutions that are in place
When completing a Tyson Foods employment application, be sure to complete all tasks listed on the candidate home page.  If not, you will see a message that there are 1 or more task(s) that require attention.  Applicants for hourly production positions must complete the task to provide additional information to be considered from employment.

Tyson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, national origin, color, religion, age, genetics, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.

CCPA Notice. If you are a California resident, and would like to learn more about what categories of personal information we collect when you apply for this job, and how we may use that information, please read our CCPA Job Applicant Notice at Collection, click here.
