If you are looking to make an impact on a meaningful scale, come join us as we raise the world's expectations for how much good food can do!

Work Shift:

1ST SHIFT (United States of America)
SUMMARY:

This position is responsible for the preparation of annual, monthly, and weekly plant production financial statements, budgets and reports. This includes gathering and processing information to generate accurate performance reports, providing costing and projections. Other duties include staffing and supervising accounting and administrative employees, supervising payroll for employees vendors, and ensuring adherence to generally accepted accounting principles and Tyson accounting policies, which involve in-house auditing of books and inventories.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Education: Requires broad knowledge in a general professional or technical field normally acquired through a Bachelor degree in an academic field directly related and essential to the job. Accounting or Finance degree required.

Experience: 2 plus years of experience preferred. Prior food manufacturing experience preferred.

Computer Skills: Requires standard computer skills, including generating spreadsheets, word processing, macros, and preparing complex graphic presentations. Also knowledge of SAP and Growout systems preferred. Strong excel skills, including creating pivot tables and complex formula usage.

Travel: 1 to 5 domestic trips per year.

Communication Skills: Strong and effective written and verbal communication skills.

Supervisory Responsibilities: This position is responsible for supervising a group of personnel in a single department or work unit who perform similar and or interrelated tasks and activities.

When completing a Tyson Foods employment application, be sure to complete all tasks listed on the candidate home page.  If not, you will see a message that there are 1 or more task(s) that require attention.  Applicants for hourly production positions must complete the task to provide additional information to be considered from employment.

Tyson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, national origin, color, religion, age, genetics, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.

CCPA Notice. If you are a California resident, and would like to learn more about what categories of personal information we collect when you apply for this job, and how we may use that information, please read our CCPA Job Applicant Notice at Collection, click here.
