If you are looking to make an impact on a meaningful scale, come join us as we raise the world's expectations for how much good food can do!

Work Shift:

1ST SHIFT (United States of America)
Summary:

The law department of Tyson Foods is seeking a candidate with public securities and SEC regulatory experience.  This position is responsible for providing legal support related to SEC regulatory matters, including public disclosure, quarterly and annual reporting, shareholder meetings and related matters, and proxy filings.  This position will also play a key role in corporate governance matters, including legal advice and support related to managing corporate entities throughout the world. Duties include but not limited to: taking a leading role, in partnership with other law department and enterprise colleagues, in ensuring the company meets all of its legal responsibilities concerning SEC and related regulatory requirements.  Coordinating, with the assistance of other enterprise functions, all required public disclosures and reporting. Advising on cooperate governance matters, including Board and Board Committee obligations. Assisting in responding to any shareholder demands, initiatives, or other actions. Strategically advising on structures and governance for new and existing business around the world.  Frequent collaboration with various supporting functions necessary for effective SEC and related compliance.

REQUIREMENTS:

Education: Law degree from an accredited law school and a license to practice law in at least one jurisdiction.

Experience: 6 plus years of legal experience obtained at a reputable law firm or as in-house counsel. Expertise handling public securities and SEC regulatory matters. Demonstrated accountability for meeting the disclosure and reporting requirements of a public company.

Computer Skills: Standard computer skills.

Communication Skills: Superior written and verbal communication skills.

Special Skills: Excellent professional judgment combined with superior interpersonal, organizational and communications skills and a sincere appreciation of working as an integral part of a commercial team. The successful candidate will have some background in, and knowledge of the business judgment needed to effectively operate within and affect business-oriented solutions in the global arena.  Someone who is a “doer” and is highly proactive, practical and business-focused. Someone who will engage his or her colleagues, and who emphasizes a team- and improvement-oriented approach. Someone willing to help continue to build their skills and knowledge and is open to new challenges as they arise

Supervisory: Manage outside counsel and possible supervision of other in-house attorneys paralegals or administrative assistants.

Travel: Some travel may be required.

When completing a Tyson Foods employment application, be sure to complete all tasks listed on the candidate home page.  If not, you will see a message that there are 1 or more task(s) that require attention.  Applicants for hourly production positions must complete the task to provide additional information to be considered from employment.

Tyson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, national origin, color, religion, age, genetics, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.

CCPA Notice. If you are a California resident, and would like to learn more about what categories of personal information we collect when you apply for this job, and how we may use that information, please read our CCPA Job Applicant Notice at Collection, click here.
