If you are looking to make an impact on a meaningful scale, come join us as we raise the world's expectations for how much good food can do!

Work Shift:

1ST SHIFT (United States of America)


This position holder will work alongside a qualified maintenance technician in order to become familiar with the various equipment and processes in an industrial maintenance. The individual will also gain exposure to the various machinery and maintenance skills involved in supporting a poultry production process. Our interns are expected to contribute to our success through innovative ideas and value creation. Based on successful performance and the talent needs of our business, interns may have the opportunity to become full-time Tyson Team Members. REQUIREMENTS: Education: Must be actively enrolled in an undergraduate or graduate degree program in HVAC/R or Commercial/Industrial Refrigeration, or Industrial Maintenance class at an accredited university Completion of High School CFATS program preferred. Experience: Previous work experience is preferred. Communication Skills: Good verbal and written communication skills are required. Computer Skills: Basic computer skills. Special Skills: Motivated self-starter who has the desire to learn from others and the ability to work independently or as part of a team. Individual shall possess strong problem-solving skills, time management and multitasking abilities. Strong interpersonal skills are a must.

When completing a Tyson Foods employment application, be sure to complete all tasks listed on the candidate home page.  If not, you will see a message that there are 1 or more task(s) that require attention.  Applicants for hourly production positions must complete the task to provide additional information to be considered from employment.

Tyson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, national origin, color, religion, age, genetics, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.

CCPA Notice. If you are a California resident, and would like to learn more about what categories of personal information we collect when you apply for this job, and how we may use that information, please read our CCPA Job Applicant Notice at Collection, click here.
