Date: Jul 23, 2020

Location: Framingham, MA, US

Company: TJX Companies, Inc.

Discovery is at the core of everything we do – whether it’s a great value, incredible style, or building long-lasting partnerships with people around the world. That’s what makes TJX different. You can find it all across our brands: TJ Maxx, Marshalls, HomeGoods, Sierra, and Homesense. Every one of our brands has one thing in common: environments that are always changing. That’s just how we like it. Every day is an opportunity to discover something new about our business, our partnerships, and even about yourself. Come discover what different can mean for you.


Posting Notes: Framingham  || MA



Senior Financial Analyst, Corporate Strategy



Are you looking to impact critical initiatives for a Fortune 100 company? Are you someone that is passionate about helping a business grow? If so, we are looking for someone hard working like you to join our Corporate Finance team!



As part of our Corporate Finance team, you will focus on TJX’s corporate strategy and business development initiatives, working to understand the complex and evolving retail landscape, and identifying growth opportunities to craft TJX’s future.



Responsibilities:

Work with the CFO and senior leadership to analyze external growth opportunities, including conducting due diligence and assessing potential acquisition / partnership opportunities
Assess and benchmark financial performance and strategy of other retailers to understand pertinence to TJX
Analyze our competitive landscape and continuous shifts in the retail market
Partner with divisional finance and other functions to analyze and develop approaches for business decisions
Evaluate innovative technological opportunities and introduce potential new vendors to TJX operations
Develop presentations and messaging for senior leadership
Synthesize conclusions and develop recommendations based on data you have captured
Quickly grow in your career and prepare TJX Companies for the future!


Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in Finance or similar subject area
3-5 years of financial analysis experience; Consulting, Investment Banking or FP&A experience preferred
Ability to prioritize tasks and support engagements in a team environment
A critical problem solver who can quickly evaluate and analyze initiatives and financial projections
Excellent analytical and quantitative skills
Excellent skills in Excel and PowerPoint
Experience in creating and maintaining acquisition models
Strong oral and written communication skills
High level of attention to detail
Ability to work effectively with senior management and work across multiple business areas
Comfort working independently and leading engagements
Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment


Discover Different at TJX means opportunity, teamwork, and career growth. That’s why working here is so much more than a job. When you’re a part of our TJX family, you have the full support of a diverse, close-knit group of people that work together to deliver the best value and style in the business. Our inventory is always changing and our approach is continually evolving, which means every day is another chance to Discover Different.

We care about our culture, but we also prioritize the tangible stuff – competitive pay, great benefits, and a great group of people.

We consider all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, gender identity and expression, marital or military status. We also provide reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and applicable state and local law.

 Posting Notes: Framingham  || MA


Nearest Major Market: Framingham
Nearest Secondary Market: Boston
