Date: Jul 28, 2020

Location: San Jose, CA, US

Company: TJX Companies, Inc.

Come to work and be ready to think on your feet, grow your skills, and embrace the many opportunities. Our Distribution Centers are the key to getting new products out to TJ Maxx, Marshalls, HomeGoods, Sierra, Winners, Homesense, and TK Maxx. To keep up with our ever-changing inventory, we stay nimble and adaptable. No day is the same, and that’s just how we like it. Every shift is a new opportunity to Discover Different—and support each other along the way.

Posting Notes: San Jose  || CA



The Loss Prevention Investigator is part of a fast-growing, ever changing environment that partners with Store Operations to ensure we provide the best experience to our internal and external customers. With a focus on internal cases, the Investigator takes sophisticated investigations head-on through establishing proven partnerships with store and Loss Prevention leadership, law enforcement agencies and utilizes groundbreaking methods to identify and deter internal dishonesty. The Investigator is responsible for assisting with a strategy to combat internal dishonesty across our brands within an assigned market, takes a proactive approach to resolving losses within all assigned stores through training and awareness.

Responsibilities
Utilize loss prevention reporting tools to identify and investigate internal cases at the direction of the District Loss Prevention Manager.
Manage the internal theft program in a market of high-volume retail store locations.
Identify potential acts of internal dishonesty through exception reporting, behavior observation and internal referrals.
Thoroughly build and document cases to support findings and resolution.
Interview associates in accordance to Wicklander-Zulawski (WZ) and company’s standard methodologies.
Utilize exception reports, surveillance, and employee tips to generate cases.
Work with outside agencies such as police, courts and legal to bring cases to resolution.
Instruct fact finding/investigation techniques to LP Associates.
Partner with District/Store Management to build LP awareness.
Utilize market resources to build cases.
Requirements
Excellent communication, written and verbal.
Time management and prioritization skills.
College degree in Criminal Justice preferred.
3 years of Loss Prevention investigative experience with a focus on internal dishonesty.
Familiarity with dynamic Loss Prevention and Shrink reduction strategies.
The demonstrated ability to partner with District/Store Management to decrease shrink.
Formalized interview/interrogation training (WZ a plus).
Multi-store investigation experience preferred.
Come Discover Different at TJX—we think you’ll find that it’s so much more than a job. We move a lot of inventory—at all times of the day—and that takes working, learning, and growing together. When you’re a part of our TJX family, you have the full support of a diverse, close-knit team in our Distribution Centers.

As you think about where to work, know that we take care of our people. We offer competitive pay and great benefits. We consider all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, gender identity and expression, marital or military status. We also provide reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and applicable state and local law.

 Posting Notes: San Jose  || CA


Nearest Major Market: San Jose
Nearest Secondary Market: Palo Alto
