Date: Aug 5, 2020

Location: Moscow, ID, US

Company: TJX Companies, Inc.

All 1,000 of our Marshalls stores embrace discovery, from designer luggage to statement shoes. Our assortment of brands is always changing, but our mission to provide the surprises that make the everyday a little more fun is unwavering. Just like working here. Everyone encourages each other and embraces the excitement that can come with change. Each shift is a new opportunity to Discover Different.

Posting Notes: Marshalls Store 1367 || 2230 W. Pullman Road || Moscow || ID || 83843

Job Summary:
Supports store management in the execution of store related administrative functions. Ensures an excellent customer experience by engaging and interacting with all customers, and maintaining a clean and organized store.

Responsibilities:

Role models exceptional customer service
Creates a positive internal and external customer experience
Promotes a culture of honesty and integrity; maintains confidentiality
Takes an active role in the hiring process (scheduling interviews, conducting reference checks, etc.) and in the onboarding process of new Associates
Maintains Associate personnel files according to company guidelines
Performs daily cash office functions and maintains cash office standards
Supports Operations Assistant Store Manager with scheduling, expense account monitoring, supply inventory and requisition
Maintains proper Associate coverage in service areas for a positive customer experience
Supports and responds to coverage needs throughout the store
Ensures store team executes tasks and daily activities in accordance with store plan; reprioritizes as needed
Communicates accurately and effectively with management and Associates when setting and addressing priorities; provides periodic progress updates
Provides and accepts ongoing recognition and constructive feedback
Partners with Management on Associate training needs to increase effectiveness
Ensures adherence to all labor laws, policies, and procedures
Maintains all organizational, cleanliness, and recovery standards for the sales floor and participates in the maintenance/cleanliness of the entire store
Promotes credit and loyalty programs during customer interactions
Supports and participates in store shrink reduction goals and programs
Promotes safety awareness and supports maintenance of a risk-free environment
Performs other duties as assigned
Requirements:

Able to work a flexible schedule to support business needs, including nights and weekends
Superior organizational skills with attention to detail
Capable of handling multiple tasks at one time
Ability to respond appropriately to changes in direction or unexpected situations
Team player, working effectively with peers and supervisors to accomplish tasks
Strong communication skills
Ability to train others
One year retail and 6 months of leadership experience
We’re reinventing retail and helping people discover that next find that’s going to be their new signature look. You can be a part of their journey to look amazing.
Our inventory is always changing and our approach is continually evolving, which means every day is another chance to Discover Different. In fact, that’s what it’s like throughout the entire TJX family, which includes TJ Maxx, HomeGoods, Sierra, and Homesense.

Discover Different also means we embrace each other’s differences and unique perspectives. We consider all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, gender identity and expression, marital or military status. We also provide reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and applicable state and local law.

 Posting Notes: Marshalls Store 1367 || 2230 W. Pullman Road || Moscow || ID || 83843


Nearest Major Market: Spokane
