No Visa Sponsorship is available for this position.

Applicants are required to read, write, and speak the following languages: English

Preferred Qualifications

BACKGROUND

Emerging technologies are disrupting old paradigms and unleashing new opportunities. Oracle has embedded innovative technologies in every aspect of our cloud, enabling companies to reimagine their businesses, processes, and experiences. And the world’s #1 database is now autonomous, allowing enterprises to innovate at the speed of a startup.

Artificial intelligence, blockchain, the Internet of Things, machine learning, and other emerging technologies permeate every aspect of work and life. These technologies help us reimagine what’s possible: self-driving cars, personalized medicine, precision agriculture, and smart cities.

Oracle provides essential elements for companies to pioneer innovations and drive new business models. For example, applications based on artificial intelligence (AI) can suggest the next best actions, automate answers, and provide personalized service. Oracle embeds machine learning into several management and security offerings to help monitor, troubleshoot, and predict potential outages and security breaches. We enable automated but personalized interactions across our applications via digital assistants—and we’ve integrated AI into analytics to help discover hidden patterns.

Oracle helps customers develop roadmaps, migrate to the cloud, and take advantage of emerging technologies from any point: new cloud deployments, on-premises environments, and hybrid implementations.

Oracle’s approach makes it easy for companies to get started in the cloud and even easier to expand as business grows.



Oracle Cloud Infrastructure:  Oracle set an ambitious goal in building its second-generation cloud infrastructure: to create an infrastructure that matches and surpasses the performance, control and governance of enterprise datacenters, while delivering the scale, elasticity, and cost-savings of public clouds. The result, Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, is built from the ground up to be an Enterprise Cloud, equally capable of running traditional multi-tiered enterprise applications, high-performance workloads, and modern serverless and container-based architectures.

Oracle Cloud Infrastructure serves as the foundational layer for Oracle Autonomous Database, as well as for Oracle’s platform and application services. It is a second-generation cloud infrastructure designed to run any enterprise application and workload securely in the cloud. In a single offering, Oracle Cloud Infrastructure combines the flexibility and cost benefits of a public cloud with the predictability and control of an on-premises environment.

Click here to learn more about Oracle Cloud Infrastructure products and solutions.



KEY RESPONSIBILITIES

As a member of the Global Business Finance team, the Principal Finance Analyst– Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) will be responsible for all aspects of Cloud Infrastructure financial planning, modeling, and act as a key business advisor. This role requires the ability to quickly understand both the big picture and underlying details with the ability to lead projects. If you meet or exceed these qualifications, are passionate about the work that you do, and are eager to make your mark then we want to talk to you!

Main Responsibilities:

Embed deeply with engineering leaders and their teams and become their trusted advisor.
Own all Financial ROB activities (such as planning and budgeting cycles) in line with corporate and business requirements.
Participate and contribute to broader Sales & Operations Planning (S&OP) to ensure capacity investments are made at the right place, right time, and are the right size.
Develop scenario-based financial and business models, with an emphasis on product level insights in a dynamic and fast paced environment.
Link business strategy to financial reporting at various levels (from a discrete service to overall offerings) using KPIs, and goal setting.
Understand and influence investment decisions through detailed financial analysis.
Perform competitive analysis, support Pricing and Cost modeling.
Drive overall Gross Margin optimization efforts through deep analysis of the various business, financial and other operational drivers.


PREFERRED SKILLS & EXPERIENCE

Bachelor’s degree with 8+ years finance experience. MBA Preferred.
Knowledge of Cloud Technology and Infrastructure with experience supporting engineering preferred.
Excellent communicator that can work across disciplines (engineering, finance, supply chain, operations, etc.) and various levels of the organization.
Result oriented with the ability to translate ideas into operational plans and follow through to closure.
Experience in developing a culture of using data insights to help drive decision-making.
Strong partnering capabilities with the ability to influence others without direct authority.
Takes initiative to achieve value added results with the ability to track the progress of multiple work streams and tasks effectively under tight deadlines
Ability to deal with ambiguity and uncertainty in a business that evolves at a hyper pace.
Excellent analytic and strategic thinking skills with a strong attention to detail.
Demonstrated ability to work well in a cross-functional team.
Self-directed and proactive with ability to multi-task and take ownership of work.
Energetic and positive attitude in the face of stress.

Detailed Description and Job Requirements

Financial support to business areas through financial analysis, budgeting, planning & forecasting; to facilitate decision making and future business strategies.

As a member of Oracle's finance organization, you will be responsible for providing all aspects of financial support for planning and control. Assist in consolidation and reporting of financial results; preparation of annual budget. Gather, model, analyze, prepare, and summarize information for financial plans, operating forecasts, trended future specifications, etc.; on a weekly, monthly, or quarterly basis. Prepares recommendations based on analyzes. May perform revenue and expense analysis, headcount and headcount driven expense analysis at cost center level, tracking of product and product line revenue, reconciliation of accounts receivable, variance analysis and ad-hoc analysis as needed. You may participate in cross functional programs and projects.

Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/business skills in area of specialization. Strong Microsoft Office skills and proficiency in Oracle Financials. Strong analysis and research skills. Ability to partner across functions. 8 years relevant work experience. BS/BA in Accounting/Finance preferred. CPA/MBA desired.

Oracle is an Affirmative Action-Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veterans status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.


Job: Finance
Location: United States
Job Type: Regular Employee Hire
Organization: Oracle
