RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THIS POSITION
Program Finance Analyst

Job ID:2020-45034
USA-MD-Annapolis Junction
Required Clearance:Top Secret, obtainable within reasonable time based on requirements
Posted Date:7/23/2020
Category:Accounting/Finance
Employment Type:Full Time
Hiring Company:General Dynamics Mission Systems


Basic Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance or Business equivalent is required plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree.

Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required.




Responsibilities for this Position

At General Dynamics Mission Systems, we create the technologies, products and services that help our nation’s heroes keep our nation safe. The work we do is so advanced, we are continuously moving the boundaries of what’s possible. Here you’ll work with the best and your talent will be front and center on projects that impact the world. Are you up to the challenge?

We apply advanced technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, AR/VR, Cloud Native and Quantum Physics to solve our customers’ missions in cyber, RF, undersea, interstellar and everything in between.

Utilizing your strong analytical skills, you’ll prepare, analyze and evaluate financial information associated with forecasts for budget, forecast, pricing, planning, invoicing and control. Additionally, the Senior Financial Specialist will actively monitor the actual costs of programs and compare allocations to the budgeted costs to identify and understand variances, interprets data to determine present and future financial performance and performs month end close activities for assigned programs.


What You’ll Experience:
Technologies that aren’t just top-notch, they’re often top-secret
A team of bold thinkers committed to exploring what’s next
Opportunities to gain new knowledge - as it’s discovered
What You Bring To The Table:
A Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance or Business equivalent plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree
Clear understanding of internal financial practices in General Ledger Accounting, Rates and Compliance, and Cost Proposal, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, Fixed Assets, and Travel functions
In-depth knowledge of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP)
Strong analytical skills including ability to analyze data and reconcile financial accounts
Experience with developing Estimates At Complete and Estimates to Complete
Experience with funds run out dates, etc.
Strong critical thinking and analytical skills
Strong Microsoft Excel skills
Experience with Oracle & Hyperion a plus
 

What Sets You Apart:
In-depth knowledge of revenue recognition practices
Outstanding communication skills
Commitment to ongoing professional development
Team player who thrives in collaborative environments and revels in team success


Company Overview

General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. With a global team of 12,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. Given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. We offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. You will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team!

General Dynamics is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/Disability/Veteran
