RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THIS POSITION
Location: USA VA Reston
Full Part/Time: Full time
Job Req: G2019-67901


Type of Requisition:
Regular

Clearance Level Must Currently Possess:
Top Secret SCI + Polygraph

Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain:

Suitability:
No Suitability Required

Public Trust/Other Required:
None

Job Family:
Business Administration

Job Description:

General Dynamics Information Technology is currently seeking a highly skilled Paralegal Assistant who will be able to perform a variety of administrative duties in support of our Customer. The candidate will perform; but will not be limited to; the following responsibilities:

Position requires active Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph clearance.

Performs non-routine administrative and analytical tasks in one or more business support functions within the organization, including contracts, facilities planning, finance, logistics, property management, purchasing and/or security.
May perform tasks relative to the control of company and/or government property assigned to the organization.
May perform facilities planning activities, including coordinating the storage and movement of furniture, systems, and equipment.
May act as facility security officer to ensure compliance with company, customer and government security regulations and procedures.
May maintain financial databases, analyze data, and develop reports.
May provide guidance and work leadership to less-experienced administrative staff.
Participates in special projects as required.
Independently conduct moderately complex research and analysis using all available resources on subjects affecting ODNI's duties and responsibilities under the National Security Act, Presidential Directives, Executive Orders, and other related laws and policies; analyze statutes, regulations and other information to determine relevance, accuracy, completeness, inconsistencies, or importance.
Respond to routine and moderately complex legal inquiries by drafting legal correspondence and memoranda as well as cables, affidavits, declarations, regulations, bulletins, notices, claims summaries and notices, and summaries of legal research and analysis that are grammatically correct, technically sound, accurate, and concise.
Present informal briefings on limited topics to small audiences; prepare slide presentations and statistical data for use by attorneys.
Provide litigation support to attorneys in administrative proceeds, organizing and responding to discovery in civil and/or criminal cases, and analyzing and responding to Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request.
Assist with planning, organizing, and coordinating activities related to the preparation and submission of files or documents related to United States (US) Government-wide and IC-wide policies, procedures, guidelines, rules, and standards.
Update and maintain databases, files, notebooks, and logs (e.g., case files, trial notebooks, case assignment notebooks) in compliance with pre-existing storage systems and procedures.
Complete moderately-complex administrative forms and paperwork and function as a note taker during moderately complex depositions, administrative hearings, trials, or meetings.
Develop and maintain productive working relationships with co-workers, clients, and persons outside the organization as appropriate and use these relationships to share information of interest and provide basic legal information.
Monitor and assign actions requiring OGC legal review using OGC's web based task tracking system, as needed.
Provide support to OGC litigation team and legal conference support team, as needed.Transcribe digital recordings, written correspondence, depositions, investigative reports, and other documents as needed.


#CJPOST

#DPOST#

#ISDCJ

#intellogsjobs

#ADMIN

#ParaLegal

#Legislative

#Legislation

,"
Paralegal Certification or Three (3) years' experience as a Paralegal, Legal Assistant/Technician, or Law Clerk.
","
Position requires active Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph clearance.

Required :
Paralegal Certification or Three (3) years' experience as a Paralegal, Legal Assistant/Technician, or Law Clerk.
Experience conducting basic electronic legal research on Westlaw and Lexis.
Experience using PACER or other electronic court docket systems.
Knowledge of administrative and clerical functions, processes, practices and procedures to perform administrative and clerical support duties, including but not limited to office automation support, office procedures, filing systems, correspondence and mail processes and procedures and travel.
Demonstrated experience reviewing and summarizing - complaints; court orders and other related motions filed in criminal/civil proceedings.

Preferred :
Bachelors or Associates
Legal and legislative research skills including familiarity with congress.gov, US Code resources, commercial congressional resources (i.e. CQ) and Federal Rules of Civil Procedures (F.R.CivP).
Knowledge of Congressional and Executive Branch processes regarding the development, consideration, coordination and communication of views and positions on draft and pending legislation, and IC related legislative documents, such as: legislative proposals, Statements for Record, Questions for Record, Inserts for Record, appeal papers/letters, Statements of Administration Policy, Congressional Notifications, etc.


#CJPOST

#DPOST#

#ISDCJ

#intellogsjobs

#ADMIN

#ParaLegal

#Legislative

#Legislation
"

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Travel Required:

T elecommuting Options:

Work Location:
USA VA Reston

Additional Work Locations:

We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done. \n\nGDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.
