RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THIS POSITION
Location: USA VA McLean|USA MD Bethesda
Full Part/Time: Full time
Job Req: RQ55120


Type of Requisition:
Pipeline

Clearance Level Must Currently Possess:
Top Secret SCI + Polygraph

Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain:
Top Secret SCI + Polygraph

Suitability:
No Suitability Required

Public Trust/Other Required:
None

Job Family:
Business Administration

Job Description:

General Dynamics Information Technology is currently seeking a highly skilled Business Admin Advisor who will be able to perform a variety of administrative duties in support of our Customer.

Position requires an Active Security Clearance TS/SCI with Polygraph.

Coordinates the overall workflow and coordination of activities associated with the Senior Executive's (SE's) responsibilities and serves as the liaison between the component and the

Intelligence Community (IC). The nature of this position demands exercising wide autonomy, latitude, and discretion regarding workflow, priorities, and methods to accomplish work in accordance with established policies and procedures. The position requires an extensive knowledge of executive level administrative processes and procedures in the IC, and an in-depth knowledge of the various executive styles, methods of operation, relationships, and authorities

The candidate will perform; but will not be limited to; the following responsibilities:
Serves as primary Point of Contact (POC) for the office and provides administrative support to 1-2 designated SEs by performing a variety of complex and routine administrative duties in compliance with written and oral guidance and policies.
Interacts with high-ranking officials within the agency and throughout the IC, the Congress, the White House, and the private sector.
Prepares, contributes and/or provides substantive review of an extensive volume of written and oral materials.
Performs multiple critical and time-sensitive tasks simultaneously.
Coordinates with component divisions to assure alignment with key component priorities within ODNI and the IC.
Oversees and coordinates with component staff the development of read-ahead materials and briefing books to prepare senior executives for meetings, conferences, and other public events.
Plans, develops, and provides substantive briefings, presentations, reports, and other materials to inform senior leadership and other stakeholders on topics of interest.
Vets incoming correspondence, summarizes/highlights key issues or topics, and follows up to ensure proper and timely response.
Maintains a schedule of appointments that involves determining the importance of issues for each meeting and following protocol procedures for contacting principals.
Assists with timekeeping and updating HR systems by serving as element Timekeeper.
Prepares regular (e.g., weekly) status reports to keep the SE apprised of important issues.
Prepare meeting agendas, record meeting minutes, noting those actions that require follow-up, and disseminate to element staff, attendees/participants and other recipients for awareness and/or action.
Track incoming tasks actions and update element task action tracking systems.
Arrange domestic and foreign travel, compose travel cables and assist with processing travel vouchers.
Assist in coordinating project/events, including planning and coordinating multiple presentations, disseminating information, and organizing team events.
Prepare to host visitors, coordinate parking, pass security clearances and escort uncleared visitors.
Update and maintain records, files and other documents/materials (electronic or in hard copy).


Required :
Position requires an Active Security Clearance TS/SCI with Polygraph.
Bachelor's Degree in Business or administrative-related field and a minimum of ten (10) years of relevant experience as an administrative professional; or an Associate's Degree in Business or administrative-related field and a minimum of twelve (12) years of relevant experience as an administrative professional.
Minimum five (5) years of experience working within the IC.
Knowledge of the IC and other government agencies.
Excellent oral and written communication skills and demonstrated experience in writing/editing correspondence and briefings for senior executives.
Demonstrated ability to manage the workflow of multiple critical issues within a continuously adapting schedule.
Expert proficiency with MS Office products (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Publisher, Outlook).
Demonstrated excellence in diplomatic, organizational, time management, critical thinking and interpersonal skills.

Preferred :
Demonstrated ability to develop a professional network across organizational boundaries and at all levels.
Ten (10) years of progressively senior administrative expertise working directly for management at the CEO, SIS/SES/SNIS, VP level.

#ISDCJ

#ADMIN

#DPOST

"

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Travel Required:
Less than 10%

T elecommuting Options:
Telecommuting Not Allowed

Work Location:
USA VA McLean

Additional Work Locations:
USA MD Bethesda

We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done. \n\nGDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.
