Date: Aug 8, 2020

Location: Urbandale, IA, US, 50322

Company: John Deere

There are 7 billion people on this planet. And by 2050, there will be 2 billion more... many moving into urban centers at an unprecedented rate. Making sure there is enough food, fiber and infrastructure for our rapidly growing world is what we’re all about at John Deere. And it’s why we’re investing in our people and our technology like never before in our 175-year history. Here the world’s brightest minds are tackling the world’s biggest challenges. If you believe one person can make the world a better place, we’ll put you to work. RIGHT NOW.

Primary Location: United States (US) - Iowa (US-IA) - Urbandale
Function: Product Engineering
Title: Site Reliability Engineer - 66992

Your Position:

As a Site Reliability Engineer position for John Deere Intelligent Solutions Group (ISG) located in Urbandale, IA you will be responsible for the reliability, resiliency, and security of a broad range of components or products within the ISG Digital Solutions Data Platform space. In addition, you will:

Understanding of technology and develops creative solutions for resiliency, reliability, and security for applications.
Have an ability to anticipate product failure and automate solutions for failure modes and recovery
Execute in the solution of complex problems within a component or team for resiliency, reliability, and security
Evaluate and implement enhancement design solutions to improve cost, quality, performance, and security of software applications
Evaluate and implement enhancement design solutions for gathering metrics for cost, quality, performance, and security of software applications
Develop and maintain knowledge of the industry and technical innovations in the technical discipline
Execute necessary support and playbook documentation, as directed, or needed
Collaborate with other site reliability engineers and product team members to ensure that features meet business needs
Participate in problem post mortems in order to understand issues, learn from issues, and share any changes in automation, recovery, and documentation with other site reliability engineers
Visa sponsorship is available for this position.

What Skills You Need

2 or more years of experience in developing applications using AWS services (RDS, EC2,EB, S3, SQS, etc.)
1 or more years of experience working with Elastic search and Kibana
4 more more years of software development experience including knowledge of computer science/engineering
2 or more years of experience with Drone, Jenkins, or CI/CD tools
2 or more years of familiarity with ISG Java standards practices
1 or more years of experience with container technologies (Docker, Kubernetes, AWS ECS, etc.)
Strong communication skills
What Makes You Stand Out

Ability to understand complex architecture and work with different teams contributing to the platform
Ability to work with offshore/remote development teams
Ability to use diagnostics tools like AWS CloudWatch/Grafana/AppDynamics/Kibana etc. for problems and rootcause analysis
Experience with ISG's applications like Platform, RDA and Grower
Experience with Terraform or other cloud agnostic tools
Experience developing with Javascript, Python, Groovy, Ruby,Bash or other common languages used in AWS
An ability and an interest in continually learning and mastering the rapidly evolving AWS cloud development
Education (or equivalent work experience)

Ideally, you will have a degree or equivalent work experience in the following:

Bachelor's degree in an Engineering/Technology discipline or equivalent experience in software industries.




What You'll Get
At John Deere, you are empowered to create a career that will take you to where you want to go. Here, you'll enjoy the freedom to explore new projects, the support to think outside the box and the advanced tools and technology that foster innovation and achievement. We offer comprehensive relocation and reward packages to help you get started on your new career path. Click here to find out more about our Total Rewards Package.

The information contained herein is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and qualifications required of individuals performing the job. The qualifications detailed in this job description are not considered the minimum requirements necessary to perform the job, but rather as guidelines.  An Equal Opportunity Employer, John Deere requires a diversity of people, perspectives and ideas to address the complex challenges of its global business.  John Deere is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other things, race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability.


Nearest Major Market: Des Moines
Job Segment: Engineer, Computer Science, Cloud, Java, Developer, Engineering, Technology
