Date: Aug 10, 2020

Location: Urbandale, IA, US, 50322

Company: John Deere

There are 7 billion people on this planet. And by 2050, there will be 2 billion more... many moving into urban centers at an unprecedented rate. Making sure there is enough food, fiber and infrastructure for our rapidly growing world is what we’re all about at John Deere. And it’s why we’re investing in our people and our technology like never before in our 175-year history. Here the world’s brightest minds are tackling the world’s biggest challenges. If you believe one person can make the world a better place, we’ll put you to work. RIGHT NOW.

Primary Location: United States (US) - Iowa (US-IA) - Urbandale
Function: Customer & Product Support
Title: Customer Service Representative-Bilingual Portuguese - 67728

Your Responsibilities



As a Customer Service Representative-Bilingual Portuguese at John Deere’s Intelligent Solutions Group (ISG) in Urbandale, Iowa, you will provide front-line technical support/information/solutions to John Deere dealers and customers on ISG product related inquiries, issues, and concerns to optimize customer satisfaction and retention. In addition you will:



Support bilingual English-Portuguese language needs for the service center business operations
Provide support via multiple channels (telephone, email, and chat)
Effectively document each interaction within the Case & Contact Management System (CCMS) system
Create and maintain support tools/solutions available online
Work primarily 5:30 AM- 2:00 PM CST U.S. shift
Be flexible and available to work first, second and third shifts and weekends/holidays


Visa sponsorship is NOT available for this position.



What Skills You Need



Bi-lingual in Portuguese and English, proficient in both verbal and written
Ability to work off-shift hours (5:30 am to 2:00 pm) and occasional holidays to support the business
Six months or more experience with customer service / support experience
Skills in interpersonal communications, negotiation, and conflict resolution
High comfort level and experience with consumer software applications
Comfortable working in a call center environment seated for long periods of time


What Makes You Stand Out



Agriculture operations experience, including precision farming experience
Work experience in agriculture or technology dealer channels
Strong computer and troubleshooting skills


Education (or equivalent work experience)

Ideally you will have a degree or equivalent related work experience in the following:



Bachelor's degree in Agriculture, Business, Engineering related field, IT or a similar discipline or equivalent work experience


No relocation benefits are available for this position.



What You'll Get



At John Deere, you are empowered to create a career that will take you to where you want to go. Here, you'll enjoy the freedom to explore new projects, the support to think outside the box and the advanced tools and technology that foster innovation and achievement. We offer comprehensive relocation and reward packages to help you get started on your new career path. Click here to find out more about our Total Rewards Package.



The information contained herein is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and qualifications required of individuals performing the job. The qualifications detailed in this job description are not considered the minimum requirements necessary to perform the job, but rather as guidelines.



John Deere is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other things, race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability.




Nearest Major Market: Des Moines
Job Segment: Customer Service Representative, Agricultural, Engineer, Call Center Representative, Customer Service, Agriculture, Engineering
