Date: Aug 11, 2020

Location: Moline, IL, US, 61265-8098

Company: John Deere

There are 7 billion people on this planet. And by 2050, there will be 2 billion more... many moving into urban centers at an unprecedented rate. Making sure there is enough food, fiber and infrastructure for our rapidly growing world is what we’re all about at John Deere. And it’s why we’re investing in our people and our technology like never before in our 175-year history. Here the world’s brightest minds are tackling the world’s biggest challenges. If you believe one person can make the world a better place, we’ll put you to work. RIGHT NOW.

Primary Location: United States (US) - Illinois (US-IL) - Moline
Function: Information Technology
Title: IT Part-Time Student - Moline, IL - 65075

Your Responsibilities

The Part-Time Student Program is primarily designed to augment the Company's regular full-time staff and is for students who work in parallel to their school schedule.
In this position you will: Provide technical support for Evolver tool, Cold Fusion and VB6 applications
Assist with migration of applications to supported revisions
Develop test cases and assist with system testing for Java/.Net development projects
Research Mfg applications, partner with the business to determine usage and purpose.
Gather, document, and analyze business requirements
Decommission obsolete applications
Assist with updating the IT Manufacturing Services SharePoint site
What It Takes

We need excellent communicators, who thrive on solving problems and working in a team environment.
Ideally, you will be pursuing a degree in Information Technology, others may apply.
Must be registered as a full-time student at a local university
Must be able to commute to the work location on a daily basis
Graduation date of December 2021 or later
Cumulative GPA of 2.8 or above
16 - 20 hours/week during the academic year
35 - 40 hours/week during the summer semester
Knowledge of Microsoft Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint and Word
Basic knowledge of computer programming languages
A Strong Candidate Will Also Have

Knowledge of Java, .Net, VBA, DB2, SQL Server and HTML
Knowledge of databases
Experience gathering requirements and documenting specifications
What You'll Get

At John Deere, you are empowered to create a career that will take you to where you want to go. Here, you'll enjoy the freedom to explore new projects, the support to think outside the box and the advanced tools and technology that foster innovation and achievement. We offer comprehensive relocation and reward packages to help you get started on your new career path. Click here to find out more about our Total Rewards Package.

The information contained herein is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and qualifications required of individuals performing the job. The qualifications detailed in this job description are not considered the minimum requirements necessary to perform the job, but rather as guidelines.

John Deere is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other things, race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability.




Job Segment: Intern, Developer, SQL, Database, Java, Entry Level, Technology
