Become a Part of the NIKE, Inc. Team

NIKE, Inc. does more than outfit the world’s best athletes. It is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be. The company looks for people who can grow, think, dream and create. Its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination. The brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. At NIKE, Inc. it’s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game.

The NIKE, Inc. Supply Chain team is the engine that propels product around the world. Supply Chain experts ensure that every year, almost a billion units of footwear, apparel and equipment arrive at the right place, at the right time. To ensure this complex job goes off without a hitch, Supply Chain teams work with a network of more than 50 distribution centers, thousands of accountants, and more than 100,000 retail stores worldwide — making the impossible happen every single day.

******This Job Opening is for the Foothill Ranch Facility at 20001 Ellipse
Lake Forest, CA 92610*****


Material Handler
Facility FHR

Available Shifts:
Mon-Thurs 2:30 pm - 1:15 am





As our Material Handler, you'll perform various general warehouse duties. You'll process orders for shipment, including picking, packing, checking and restocking. You'll also handle computer data inquiries and special processing of customer orders. In addition, you'll operate lift equipment and handle other general duties as assigned.
High School diploma or GED
6 months' experience in a warehouse/distribution or manufacturing environment
Familiarity with computer inquiries and data entry
Able to read and count accurately and follow verbal and written directions
Able to perform repetitive motions and lift 30-50 lbs continuously
Able to work overtime as needed with little or no advance notice
NIKE, Inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it. Nike offers a generous total rewards package, casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric atmosphere for professional development. No matter the location, or the role, every Nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: To bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world.

NIKE, Inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
