Coordinates the team to execute its intra-month activities and during MEC, coordinates to execute close activities per calendar, so the financial results of CPS Costa Rica are published timely for consolidation and actively participates in the financial team to identify and to solve problems and issues related to accounting and financial reporting. Also involved in maintaining the integrity of the internal control structure both in and out of the Finance direct areas of influence

Responsabilities

1. Coordination and Execution of intra-month and month-end tasks

2. Follow-up and verification of recurrent internal control activities

3. Assist the FM in the preparation of RE and other financial reporting

4. Perform monthly account reconciliation processes

5. RS activities for OPEX and CAPEX, reporting and follow-up

6. Verification of Statutory Compliance in coordination with BU LEC/TAX

7. Coordination/collaboration with External/Internal Audits (CAD, EY, etc)

Requirements:
Bachelors degree in Business Administration, accounting or related
Previous experience in similar roles
Fluent Spanish and English
SAP knowledge
Location: Liberia, Guanacaste

Our Growth Culture:
One of the reasons our company continues to thrive after 130+ years is having a company culture that supports and rewards behaviors that lead to growth. Our “Growth Behaviors,” as we call them, are ways of being and working that help to make us successful. Think about how you can bring this to life in your next role at Coca-Cola.

Curious
Keep seeking, never settle.  Staying curious about what is outside, and two steps ahead inspires us to challenge the status quo. Having the courage to look and leap is the way we grow. Because asking “what if?” pushes us to the next level as people and as a company.

Empowered
Make it happen. True empowerment is the result of taking responsibility. This means giving yourself permission to see it, say it and do it, and owning the outcomes. Because we move forward faster when we all take action.

Version 1.0, 2.0, 3.0
Push for progress, not perfection. There are very few overnight successes. Greatness is borne of many little victories (and failures). Share v 1.0, test it, and make it better. Then create the next version. Because the moment we think something is perfect, it will be obsolete.

Inclusive
Include, value and trust each other. We are smart alone but together we are genius. This means being inclusive, giving the benefit of the doubt and being responsible for each other. Because, for our company to thrive for the next 100+ years, smart isn’t enough. We need genius.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.​
