This senior paralegal position is in the IP Team, supporting various parts of the global and CCNA R&D functions.  The person selected will work with our stakeholders to review research proposals, assist in drafting research contracts and supporting documents, answer legal questions and support the IP strategies to drive future growth.

Function Related Key Responsibilities:

Develop working relationships with the relevant stakeholders and other legal teams;
Review and provide feedback on research proposals to ensure these meet our standards and are aligned with stated project goals
Prepare drafts, assist in negotiating, and ensure appropriate internal review of research contracts and supporting documents
Ensure projects are tracked and linked with new invention disclosures, and all information is integrated in key databases (including iManage, Anaqua and Apttus)
In partnership with attorney, advise stakeholders on IP ownership strategies and support negotiations of the same
Where necessary draft and ensure ownership documents, including assignments and any required intercompany transfers are tracked in database
Provide training to stakeholders on recurring IP-related issues relevant to research contracts, including confidentiality, ownership and regulatory controls
As part of cross-functional team, manage research payment tracking and patent outlicensing payments
Support attorney in researching and preparing cease and desist letters in relation to research agreements, breaches or threatened breaches of confidentiality agreements and patent related issues
Attend meetings and participate in calls, including with global teams
Other duties related to the support of IP or the research enterprise as requested
Minimum Qualifications/Requirements/Skills:

Minimum 5+ years of experience as a transactional paralegal or equivalent role
Clear and concise communication – written and verbal
Autonomy – Work effectively with minimum supervision
Confidentiality - Ability to handle confidential and sensitive issues with maturity and professionalism
Technologically savvy and numbers literate – ability to use Microsoft Word, Powerpoint, and Excel, and comfortable learning new platforms
Organized, with a keen eye for detail
Bachelor’s Degree or an Associate’s Degree with a Paralegal Studies Certificate from an ABA approved program

Our Growth Culture:
One of the reasons our company continues to thrive after 130+ years is having a company culture that supports and rewards behaviors that lead to growth. Our “Growth Behaviors,” as we call them, are ways of being and working that help to make us successful. Think about how you can bring this to life in your next role at Coca-Cola.

Curious
Keep seeking, never settle.  Staying curious about what is outside, and two steps ahead inspires us to challenge the status quo. Having the courage to look and leap is the way we grow. Because asking “what if?” pushes us to the next level as people and as a company.

Empowered
Make it happen. True empowerment is the result of taking responsibility. This means giving yourself permission to see it, say it and do it, and owning the outcomes. Because we move forward faster when we all take action.

Version 1.0, 2.0, 3.0
Push for progress, not perfection. There are very few overnight successes. Greatness is borne of many little victories (and failures). Share v 1.0, test it, and make it better. Then create the next version. Because the moment we think something is perfect, it will be obsolete.

Inclusive
Include, value and trust each other. We are smart alone but together we are genius. This means being inclusive, giving the benefit of the doubt and being responsible for each other. Because, for our company to thrive for the next 100+ years, smart isn’t enough. We need genius.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.​
