Position Overview:

This position requires specialization in general flavor development and creation with additional knowledge of citrus preferred. The candidate is expected to develop differentiated flavor systems in the pillars of continuity, productivity, and innovation for The Company's global beverage brands; commercialize new flavors and/or technologies or improve existing products and/or technologies; collaborate with key internal and external stakeholders to deliver projects according to established timelines and budgets; communicate project updates and information to leadership; contribute to building flavor knowledge and capability for The Company.


Function Related Activities/Key Responsibilities:

Working in the lab to create flavor systems using various scientific applications and creative thinking.
Managing multiple projects and executing deliverables on time and within guidelines.
Collaboration cross-functionally within the organization to accomplish business-critical initiatives.
Providing relevant project information and updates to leadership or other key stakeholders.
On-going flavor capability development for self and others in the organization.
Exemplifying The Company's growth behaviors, being inclusive, iterative, curious, and empowered.
Education Requirements:

Bachelor of Science in Food Science, Chemistry, Analytical Chemistry, Biology, or another science-related field required.

Master of Science in Food Science, Chemistry, Analytical Chemistry, Biology, or another science-related field preferred.

Apprentice Certification in the Society of Flavor Chemists preferred.

Related Work Experience:

Prior flavor house experience preferred

5 years of experience in flavor development, creation, or analysis with a Master of Science or certification.

7 years of experience in flavor development, creation, or analysis with a Bachelor of Science.

Functional Skills:

Creativity, with a high level of sensory acuity (ability to taste, and smell)
Knowledge of essential oils, flavoring chemicals, solvent systems, flavor delivery methods and other building blocks used in flavor creation
Basic knowledge of instrumentation used in flavor development (including but not limited to gc/ms, flash point tester, pH meter, densitometer)
General knowledge of chemistry, chemical reactions, and the application to flavor development
Basic understanding of flavor labeling (FDA, USDA, TTB, and standard of identity), and flavor regulatory organizations

Our Growth Culture:
One of the reasons our company continues to thrive after 130+ years is having a company culture that supports and rewards behaviors that lead to growth. Our “Growth Behaviors,” as we call them, are ways of being and working that help to make us successful. Think about how you can bring this to life in your next role at Coca-Cola.

Curious
Keep seeking, never settle.  Staying curious about what is outside, and two steps ahead inspires us to challenge the status quo. Having the courage to look and leap is the way we grow. Because asking “what if?” pushes us to the next level as people and as a company.

Empowered
Make it happen. True empowerment is the result of taking responsibility. This means giving yourself permission to see it, say it and do it, and owning the outcomes. Because we move forward faster when we all take action.

Version 1.0, 2.0, 3.0
Push for progress, not perfection. There are very few overnight successes. Greatness is borne of many little victories (and failures). Share v 1.0, test it, and make it better. Then create the next version. Because the moment we think something is perfect, it will be obsolete.

Inclusive
Include, value and trust each other. We are smart alone but together we are genius. This means being inclusive, giving the benefit of the doubt and being responsible for each other. Because, for our company to thrive for the next 100+ years, smart isn’t enough. We need genius.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.​
