Basic Function:

The ACW Warehouse Operator is responsible for:

Ingredient, packaging materials, supplies, and equipment receipt
Material transfer and warehouse management/maintenance
Finished product shipment to the North America Consolidated Warehouses
Essential Functions:
Operates forklift to move freight into and out of the Atlanta Consolidated Warehouse.
Loads and unloads freight and assists in the control of storage areas for packaging materials, ingredients, and finished product, etc… and may schedule freight movements in cooperation with immediate team leaders and/or production team leaders.
Assists with other shipping personnel and Plant Quality Assurance to handle, sample and make proper disposition of all excess/rejected ingredients.
Verifies the accuracy and availability of all documents on incoming shipments.  Checks incoming materials for quantity and condition.
Ensures that correct security procedure are observed in the handling of packaging materials, ingredients, finished product, shipments, paperwork and general freight movement into and out of the warehouse.
Properly prepares shipments, loads vehicles, and prepares necessary documentation for all shipments.
Assists in inventory control procedures (e.g. cycle counting) for all packaging materials, ingredients, and finished product.
Interacts with representatives of common carriers and railroads.
Assists with ingredient sampling.
Familiarizes themselves with Company and Plant policies concerning traffic procedures, security, reports, etc…, and with applicable Federal and industry regulations concerning freight shipments.
Performs other duties related to GMP, shipping, receiving, minor maintenance, or other duties as
required by the supervisor.

Quality, Occupational Safety & Environmental General Responsibilities

Participates in the definition of individual and team objectives / metrics that contribute to continuous improvement, focusing on the quality, occupational safety and environmental aspects.

General Aspects of the Position:
Generally works in a closed environment, in office conditions, with normal level of noise and controllable changes of temperature.
Needs to walk, bend the body, lean, and/or be seated for long periods of time.
Performs light physical effort with little exposure to adverse conditions.
Works with a personal computer and programs to prepare documents or reports and present these to others as necessary.
Applies communication skills to perform work and coordinate with others.
Utilizes advance skills of reading, writing, speaking, analytical capacity and high level of professional judgment to resolve problems affecting work area.
When entering the plant, associate can be exposed to fumes, dust, strong odors, and/or high temperatures. In addition must use protective personal equipment.
Requirements:

Education:     High School diploma or GED

Experience:   1-year experience


Expected Behavior

Lives the Values: Demonstrates the values of The Coca-Cola Company through words, actions, and by example; fosters an environment that reflects the values of the company.

Functional Competencies

Warehouse Operations:  Knowledge of warehousing / distribution policies and procedures. Ability to support customer order processes and verify product availability.

Documentation:  Executes and complete required documents 100% in its entirety appropriate for accurate and proper shipping and receiving paperwork.

Disclaimer:

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by the incumbent.  They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required.


Our Growth Culture:
One of the reasons our company continues to thrive after 130+ years is having a company culture that supports and rewards behaviors that lead to growth. Our “Growth Behaviors,” as we call them, are ways of being and working that help to make us successful. Think about how you can bring this to life in your next role at Coca-Cola.

Curious
Keep seeking, never settle.  Staying curious about what is outside, and two steps ahead inspires us to challenge the status quo. Having the courage to look and leap is the way we grow. Because asking “what if?” pushes us to the next level as people and as a company.

Empowered
Make it happen. True empowerment is the result of taking responsibility. This means giving yourself permission to see it, say it and do it, and owning the outcomes. Because we move forward faster when we all take action.

Version 1.0, 2.0, 3.0
Push for progress, not perfection. There are very few overnight successes. Greatness is borne of many little victories (and failures). Share v 1.0, test it, and make it better. Then create the next version. Because the moment we think something is perfect, it will be obsolete.

Inclusive
Include, value and trust each other. We are smart alone but together we are genius. This means being inclusive, giving the benefit of the doubt and being responsible for each other. Because, for our company to thrive for the next 100+ years, smart isn’t enough. We need genius.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.​
