MA - Springfield - 1295 State St
R7537
Do you want to be part of a team that encourages your growth, supports your ambitions and makes it a priority for you to reach your goals? Is helping people part of who you are? At MassMutual, we help millions of people find financial freedom, offer financial protection and plan for the future. We do this by building trust with our customers by being knowledgeable problem solvers and prioritize their needs above all else. We Live Mutual.

We’re looking to hire a Strategic Finance Consultant to join our MMFA Strategic Finance Business Partner team.

Why we need you.

We’re growing and our clients deserve the best. As a Strategic Finance Consultant, you’ll have an opportunity to contribute to helping this business grow and become more profitable. You will immerse yourself in learning about the business, its plans, activities, challenges and priorities, as well as understanding the competition. You will partner with FP&A, Controllers and other CFO partners to thoroughly understand the financials, leveraging data platforms to identify key information that will help tell the story. You will influence customers on performance, opportunities for cost efficiencies, benchmarking comparisons, sales, profitability and results and considerations for decision making. You will build engagement for change, innovation and value creation.

In this role, as well as all roles within MassMutual, you will demonstrate accountability, agility, a dedication to be inclusive, strong business acumen, and will show courage, even in the most difficult situations. Effective communication skills will be key to successful relationship-building and influencing. You will demonstrate an inquisitive approach, asking probing logical questions to identify issues, and options/recommendations with specificity.

What success looks like.

Perform and communicate analyses of sales and distribution which strengthen the bottom line
Exercise stewardship of spend to ensure that MassMutual obtains significant value
Contribute to initiatives to increase efficiency and add value, using benchmarking and other information and analyses
Prepare commentary for quarter closes and forecasts
Partner across Finance to identify opportunities to increase value-add to customers
Define, develop and maintain collaborative tools with appropriate information, guidelines, templates and calendars on CFO activities
Maintain and leverage knowledge of changing regulations, technology advances and industry dynamics
What your days and weeks will include.

Analyze product sales trends and sales agent productivity, collaborating with peers and customers
Review lease and field loans analyses and support, recommend policy program changes
Review initiative assumptions and cost benefit analyses to ensure we pursue the most beneficial initiatives and maximize the benefits
Use strong business acumen and communication skills to draft commentary which enables readers to quickly understand how business performance is impacting financial results
The knowledge and skills needed for this role:

Bachelor's Degree required (Business major or related preference)
Minimum of 5 years’ experience
GAAP and STAT: analysis, development and communication of the story behind the financial results, drivers, standard ratios, unit costs, other metrics, etc.
Experience using data and information to analyze and communicate (in writing, orally and visually) the implications of business activity, scenario analysis, and potential opportunities
Intellectual curiosity to continue learning and adding breadth and depth to understanding including product pricing, key competitors, etc.
Ability to partner with and influence business leaders in using financial information and tools to identify option and make decisions
Must be authorized to work in the United States, without requiring sponsorship, both now and in the future
