NY - New York - 60 Madison Ave
R7306
Haven Life is an insurtech innovator at MassMutual that offers a new way to get life insurance online that's actually simple.

We combine the culture of a startup with the stability and backing of a Fortune 500 company to create an environment that's truly unique.

Our diverse team is comprised of smart, collaborative people who think big, execute quickly and don't take themselves too seriously. We're located in New York's Flatiron District and in case you're wondering, yes, we provide free snacks. Cold brew too.

If you're creative, professional and kind, we'd love to hear from you.

About the Position:

You will be joining a small, experienced legal and compliance team focused on moving at a rapid pace and providing innovative solutions in tandem with the growing business.

Your job will require you to work closely with your fellow team members, to help with a variety of tasks such as:

Monitor new legislative, regulatory and case law developments; assess potential implications for the business, summarize and implement recommendations. Contribute to and oversee the implementation of changes to internal procedures. Interacts with all levels, including leaders in the organization.
Draft and review procedures, participate in project teams, conduct process reviews, create and deliver educational materials, and consult on business questions. Partner with compliance and business owners to oversee and complete required updates.
Lead discretionary reviews to identify business and compliance risks and drive business readiness efforts including quality assurance reviews prior to agile releases.
Identify legal issues that require attorney consideration and articulate such issues to attorneys. Perform legal research and summarize issues for attorney review. Assist with drafting and review of legal documentation, including contracts and correspondence.
Additional responsibilities may include:

Handling more complex long-term focused projects involving multiple disciplines or business units.
Working independently and with management on highly visible, divisional/cross-divisional complex projects.
Being sought as a key resource for resolution of unique or complex business problems.
Driving improvement and efficiencies beyond one's own scope of responsibility.
Requirements:

Bachelor’s degree required
Minimum 4-6 years of relevant insurance-focused experience
Candidates must be authorized to work in the US without sponsorship now or in the future
These skills are not required but preferred:

Working knowledge of and experience with privacy, information security, and insurance laws and regulations
Experience using various tools to research legal and regulatory issues
Works effectively with all levels of business leadership
Drives for results; proven ability to deliver
Commands respect and credibility within their team, the business, and the Enterprise
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Who You Are:

Easygoing and friendly
Organized and accountable for oversight of project implementation
A self-starter who takes initiative and ownership of tasks
Curious and engaged, not afraid to ask “why”
BENEFITS

We have a stellar team of co-workers, a really cool office, and lots of fun activities. Oh yeah, and we pay competitive base salaries and we reward performance. Our salary structure is commensurate with experience. In addition, you will be eligible to participate in our comprehensive benefits program including medical insurance and 401(K).

The privacy of your personal information is important to us, click here to review our privacy notice.
