Why we need you.

We’re growing and our clients deserve the best. As a Recordkeeping Specialist you will be responsible for analyzing data and/or forms along with plan parameters to ensure proper processing of client and participant data.    In this role, as well as all roles within MassMutual, you will demonstrate accountability, agility, a dedication to be inclusive, a strong business acumen, and will show courage, even in the most difficult situations. We also highly value strong communication skills, a passion for learning, leadership traits, resilience and self-awareness.

Daily and monthly responsibilities - What your days and weeks will include.

Processing of in good order and not in good order financial and non-financial transactions including numerous types of contributions and/or distributions.
Required to manage proper timing expectations for all transactions as well as manage proper communication and follow –up procedures with internal clients.
In addition, focuses on end-of-day processing; formatting and loading data; responding to internal service requests, and completing research requests.
Identifies and documents client/TPA NIGO themes and provides recommendations.
Focus is extensive on quality and control (minimum of 99.90% accuracy) given the potential for financial implications to clients/participants and Enterprise.
Handles standard or routine tasks requiring judgment and discretion.
A focus on continuous improvement through the use of Lean Six Sigma tools is required along with analysis and potential implementation of projects.
Required skills and qualifications - The qualifications that are needed for this role:

1+ years of related experience
Strong organizational, analytical and time management skills
Knowledge of products, processes and people
Regularly adapts current PC applications, procedures, techniques, tools, materials and/or equipment to meet business needs
Preferred qualifications - Additional skills that make you a great fit:

Knowledge of the Retirement Services industry and ERISA/IRS regulations
Knowledge of job functions or specific skills within the realm of non-exempt type work
Follows general instructions or procedures
Limited authority to make decisions that go beyond established expectations and guidelines
Regularly adapts current PC applications, procedures, techniques, tools, materials and/or equipment to meet business needs
