Why we need you.

We’re growing and our clients deserve the best. As a Sales Support Specialist  you will be a critical support role in the Retirement Plan sales process by providing consultative service and support for our Sales organization. In this role, as well as all roles within MassMutual, you will demonstrate accountability, agility, a dedication to be inclusive, a strong business acumen, and will show courage, even in the most difficult situations. We also highly value strong communication skills, a passion for learning, leadership traits, resilience and self-awareness.



Daily and monthly responsibilities - What your days and weeks will include:

Respond to sales inquiries and work requests for new business. The main functions of the position are to: generate new retirement plan proposals, and to conduct a thorough review/quality check of new business case paperwork.
Demonstrate effective problem solving and analytical skills. Independently assess a situation and take appropriate, timely action to resolve. E
Enhance customer experience and process improvements by actively participating in problem solving sessions with demonstrable results
Must be with team average in terms of monthly production metrics and strive for a 99.0% accuracy rate.
Reduce unit costs through quality control.
Identify and suggest areas of improvement to enhance efficiency.
Specifically, implement best practices and creatively find more efficient and effective ways of operating.
Ensure that all policies, procedures & best practices are followed.
Build trust and a positive working relationship with internal sales reps and other departments.  Listen to our customers, deliver innovative solutions and maintain up-to-date familiarity with products/services.
Actively participate in huddles, team & problem solve meetings. Partner with the Sales Consulting teams to discuss unique and non-standard requests.
Required skills and qualifications - The qualifications that are needed for this role:

Proficient in computer software including Excel, Word & Outlook
CRM/Database experience
High School Diploma
Demonstrated time management and prioritization skills
Self-motivated & collaborative team player
Strong customer focused attitude and communication skills
Adaptable to business and team needs and change
Preferred qualifications - Additional skills needed for this role:

Bachelor’s Degree, financial degree
Retirement Services background a plus
Salesforce experience
Proficient in computer software including PowerPoint & Adobe
