Duties & Responsibilities
Demonstrate solution design with high level of technical skills and leverages a consultative sales approach along with vendor partner and quarterback multiple projects.  Must have the ability to meet customers face to face to influence the sales with strong presentation skills to C level executives.

Essential Duties & Responsibilities Required:
Knowledge of Cloud Providers e.g. IBM, AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform

Exposure and good understanding in core tenants to be considered when designing, developing & deploying to a Cloud.

Able to confidently leverage Cloud Platforms.

Good Understanding on how to get started on Cloud Platforms

Able to identify the appropriate cloud-native products to use for popular architectural patterns, using IBM Cloud micro services

Good understanding on managing applications at scale and how Cloud could address each of the problems faced when designing for distributed scalable applications that are deployed across regions

Partner internally and externally to design and provide technology solutions.

Anticipates potential problems with solutions, acts as a proactive resource to the reseller to ensure accuracy, consistency and excellence in design and support.
Owns corrective action and follow up to ensure timely resolution.
Takes proactive measures to foster and enable strong, mutually beneficial partnerships.
Leverages technology, expertise, and strong understanding of reseller's business to facilitate their growth.
Owns, manages /directs multiple projects and delivers to SLAs.
Self Education approximately 5%-10%, must maintain certifications, and specific vendor knowledge. May be required to attain practice related certs.
Exemplify Team leader characteristics; provide direction to others through coaching and mentoring
Will contribute to social media communication channels with authoritative, informative, practical written content to be posted on various Tech Data outlets.
Will provide short-form, non-certification based on-demand training to resellers on a regular basis to advance sales understanding within the partner community.
Will participate in C-level executive briefings and presentations.
Additional duties as assigned.*Meets attendance & punctuality standards.
Qualifications, Required Knowledge Skills & Abilities and Working Conditions:
HS/GED required with Technical or Bachelors Degree preferred
Major certs required (2 min - 3-4 preferred) as needed to support assigned technology/vendor
5-7+ years industry sales experience, creating and delivering SoWs and BoMs with 5 years technology consultative sales and implementation experience preferred.
Applicants must have well-developed, specific knowledge of vendor-supplied tools in support of assigned technology practice area.
Applicants must have advanced understanding of ROI concepts, Comparative Analysis, and Market Trends
Applicants must be able to make sound decisions/ respond on the fly and have specific knowledge, experience, ability, and in some cases unique required credentials, to provide on-site implementation of complex solutions.  Applicants must be able to apply knowledge, skills and abilities to support design, proof of concept, staging and configuration, and implementation of solutions.
Join our team to connect the world with the power of technology!
Tech Data is an equal opportunity organization. We recruit, employ, train, compensate, and promote without regard to race, religion, creed, color, national origin, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state or local law. 
