Assists in daily and monthly accounting processes.
Completes various account analyses and/or account billings.
Identifies, researches, and resolves items impacting the financial statements.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities Required
Assists in the preparation of various account analyses and reconciliations
Prepares monthly journal entries Provides financial/analytical support to various departments
Calculates month-end accruals Researches issues
Assists in the collection and dissemination of financial information
Develops ad hoc reports and financial analyses
Escalates issues noted to management in a timely manner
Identifies opportunities for process improvements
Ability to prepare clear and concise documentation
Performs additional duties as assigned
Meets attendance and punctuality standards
Qualifications, Required Knowledge Skills & Abilities and Working Conditions
The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.

High School/G.E.D. required; Associates minimum, Bachelors or above preferred
Approximately 5 - 10 years experience in Accounting or Finance Leads/Owns projects and task forces by setting timelines and expectations, assigning responsibilities, and defining scope of project as well as steps for completion.
Developed independent critical thinking and problem resolution.
Will collaborate where necessary.
Understands a long-term, big picture view and identifies obstacles and opportunities in their particular functional area. Applies knowledge, experience, and expertise when addressing complex issues.
Understands strategic goals of department clearly.
Maintains a big picture view. Foresees obstacles and opportunities within area of responsibilities.
Understands the impact of elements and processes as they relate to the overall business. Knowledge and application of Intermediate/Advanced Excel and Intermediate Access (preferred)
Good communication skills, attention to detail, adaptable to change, displays accuracy and timeliness, financial and business acumen, high decision quality, professionalism, teamwork, able to maintain confidential information
HIGH level of "self starting" thinking required for analysis, evaluation, creating, reasoning, and drawing conclusions/solutions; HIGH complexity of mental process to achieve in the role in order to come to solutions.
Able to maintain confidentiality of sensitive information.
Join our team to connect the world with the power of technology!
Tech Data is an equal opportunity organization. We recruit, employ, train, compensate, and promote without regard to race, religion, creed, color, national origin, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state or local law. 
