It's rewarding to work at a company where YOU make a difference!
If you're passionate about the ever-changing IT industry and enjoy working in a fast-paced, collaborative progressive environment, you'll thrive at Tech Data!
Join our team to connect the world with the power of technology!
Job Purpose:
Manage the legal affairs of the global organization with respect to mergers and acquisitions (M&A), corporate finance and tax matters including representation of the Finance, Treasury and Tax organizations.  Is responsible for leading, coordinating and assisting and supervising lawyers and staff in the regional legal organizations as required to support M&A, finance and tax matters.  Is responsible for providing management and support of project teams as appropriate to support M&A, finance and tax.  Provides strategic advice to regional management and global organizations and resolves complex legal issues independently.  Manages due diligence and leads or supports negotiations for mergers and acquisitions, financing activities and tax matters, including management of outside counsel and advisors.  Supports the organization by providing clear pragmatic advice with regard to risk, compliance and other general legal issues related to M&A, finance and tax.

Responsibilities:
Be strategic legal partner to the Global and regional business teams with respect to M&A, finance and tax;
Manage M&A matters including preparation and negotiation of all transaction documents and organization and review of due diligence;
Manage, advise and lead project teams with respect to M&A, finance and tax;
Promote and facilitate open and full communication links, and ensuring an effective flow of information between the various HQ, regional and country and regional executives, boards, management, and outside advisors;
Manage complex legal issues;
Support effective global compliance with respect to finance and related covenants;
Coordinate with the US, Asia Pacific and EU Legal teams on global issues and in relation to M&A, finance and tax matters;
Manage external counsel on issues that are outsourced;
Supports the Corporate Secretarial and other legal functions to execute upon M&A, finance transaction and tax matters;
Development automation, self-help, risk assessment, and other tools to enhance the strategic value and efficiency of the business;
Proven ability to provide quick-thinking, pragmatic, business-oriented advice and to properly balance risks and business reward with a dedication to superior customer service;
Outstanding communication skills, both written and verbal, and ability to advocate for a position while maintaining collaborative and open-minded approach;
Knowledge, Skills and Experience:
Qualified lawyer in at least one jurisdiction in which Tech Data operates
Experience managing and supporting M&A and finance transactions and tax matters
Ability to provide candid and clear risk assessment to senior management
Experience of handling complex legal cases and providing expert legal advice on complex issues.
Ability to make clear decisions and create clear and deliverable actions to meet business needs.
Confident and positive in presenting and have the ability to communicate clearly and effectively at all levels.
Ability to coordinate, influence and manage project teams consisting of internal personnel from various departments and regions and external legal and non-legal advisors
Minimum 8-10 years of prior experience with growing levels of responsibility required.
Ability to perform detailed process analytics and assessments and to redesign and revise processes and procedures in a systematic and ongoing manner.
Understanding of technology and tools that are available to support and improve contractual processes.
