At World Fuel Services, our employees are the key to our global success.We are industry leaders due to the innumerable talents of our approximately 5000- strong professional team. Our people thrive in an entrepreneurial and culturally-diverse environment, where innovative thinking, collaboration and efficient execution are highly valued. Our high-performance culture is what allows us to drive sustained growth. Stronger together, we promote an environment where individuals can thrive.

When you click 'Apply', you will need to click on 'Create Account'. By creating an account, you will be able to view your applications and their statuses. Your password must contain 1 upper case letter, 1 number, and 1 special character.
Please note that by submitting an employment application you consent to World Fuel Services processing your information for this role and potentially for future employment opportunities, in accordance with applicable laws.  To learn more about how we protect and/or process personal information, please visit the WFS Privacy Center at: https://www.wfscorp.com/en/privacy-center.


Senior Director, Global Physical Operations,  (Aviation Refuelling)

Location: Remote based, UK, France, Germany, Italy

Senior Director, Global Physical Operations, Aviation Refuelling (GPOA) required by one of the world’s leading suppliers of aviation fuel and a globally renowned Fortune 100 brand!

The Senior Director, Global Physical Operations, (Aviation Refuelling) will give strategic direction to a global aviation refuelling operation (600 employees) and is responsible for ensuring the safety and reliability of operations which is fundamental to business success.

World Fuel Services (WFS) Corporation (NYSE: INT) is a Fortune 100 company providing aviation, marine and land energy, logistics, and technology solutions to customers and suppliers around the world. Our global team of local professionals delivers innovative products and services at more than 8,000 global locations.

Working in close partnership with commercial leaders and in close collaboration with staff (HR, Internal Audit, Finance, Legal, Insurance, Communications, Technology), the role holder will oversee the development of a cost-effective and fit-for-purpose operation with QHSSE compliance assistance/assurance to the WFS sites.

The GPO(A) mission is to create value for WFS businesses and their customers in the operation of aviation fuelling facilities and associated services including Joint Venture management by delivering technical excellence, innovative solutions through one global team.

The position will oversee the safety, operational protocol, logistics management, commercial integration, environmental regulations and conservative management of the physical asset organization to achieve operational best practices.

Key duties and accountabilities (but not limited to):

Provides accountability for all Physical Assets and their Operations globally across the Aviation segment for WFS
Responsible for the development and implementation of QHSE standards and processes in GPO(A)
Responsible for Quality & Technical policy within WFS Aviation in line with Industry standards.
Responsible for the physical asset operations to ensure safety standards, appropriate staff resources, operational best practices and annual budgets are achieved
Oversight of logistical operations of the physical assets to ensure full utilization and operational efficiency of the asset for WFS
Partner with commercial leaders to align asset portfolio with business strategy and ensure appropriate asset resources to accomplish corporate goals
Provide a single-point of accountability for WFS global physical assets with the Aviation segment
Manage physical assets operating staff and provide oversight, guidance, training and organizational alignment to achieve safety, regulatory and operational excellence and best practices
Implement change and demonstrate accountability to link the organization’s risk management strategy to the asset’s day-to-day operations and hold physical asset operational leaders accountable to deliver results
Function as owner for the aviation segment’s physical asset operations budget, driving efficiency and accountability to the physical asset operations managers to stay within annual budgets set by senior management and finance
Responsible for building annual CAPEX plan for aviation segment, both growth & maintenance capital for physical assets
The Individual

The successful candidate is likely to have in excess of 15 years work experience within the Aviation Fuels sector, most recently focused on leading a multinational into-plane refueling operation for the commercial aviation sector.
Experience of leading multinational management teams towards a shared vision is essential.
Budget management experience is essential.
Strong analytical skills are essential.
High level customer management experience within the commercial aviation segment is essential.
Formal QHSE qualification and experience of developing and implementing a quality assurance and HSE culture within a fuels environment is essential.
Strong stakeholder management skills are essential.
Strong written and oral communications skills in English are essential.
Experience of operating at board level is highly desirable.
Project management skills and experience are desirable.
Experience of overseeing a fuel systems strategy is desirable.
Ability to speak other languages outside of English is essential.
Experience of leading change management projects is essential.
Experience of leading joint venture operations is highly desirable.
