At World Fuel Services, our employees are the key to our global success.We are industry leaders due to the innumerable talents of our approximately 5000- strong professional team. Our people thrive in an entrepreneurial and culturally-diverse environment, where innovative thinking, collaboration and efficient execution are highly valued. Our high-performance culture is what allows us to drive sustained growth. Stronger together, we promote an environment where individuals can thrive.

When you click 'Apply', you will need to click on 'Create Account'. By creating an account, you will be able to view your applications and their statuses. Your password must contain 1 upper case letter, 1 number, and 1 special character.
World Fuel Services, is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.


POSITION SUMMARY

Performs a variety of routine billing functions to ensure the proper preparation of accurate and timely bills to customers.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS

Operate adding machine and computer.
Prepare itemized statements, bills, or invoices; and record amounts due for products purchased.
Compute credit terms, discounts, and rates for goods and services in order to complete billing documents.
Review documents such as sales tickets and bills of lading in order to compute fees and charges due.
Verify accuracy of billing data and revise any errors.
Keep records of invoices and support documents.
May gather and summarize supplemental billing information to accommodate customer billing requirements.
May review various billing system reports to identify billing discrepancies. Makes corrections as appropriate to ensure accurate billing following standard operating procedures.
Researches and resolves routine billing questions and discrepancies. Refers unusual problems to higher level personnel.
Performs other duties as assigned.

POSITION QUALIFICATIONS

Accountability - Ability to accept responsibility and account for his/her actions.
Accuracy - Ability to perform work accurately and thoroughly.
Autonomy - Ability to work independently with minimal supervision.
Customer Oriented - Ability to take care of the customers’ needs while following company procedures.
Deductive Reasoning - Ability to apply principles of logical or scientific thinking to a wide range of intellectual and practical problems.
Detail Oriented - Ability to pay attention to the minute details of a project or task.
Organized - Possessing the trait of being organized or following a systematic method of performing a task.
Responsible - Ability to be held accountable or answerable for one’s conduct.
Self Motivated - Ability to be internally inspired to perform a task to the best of ones ability using his or her own drive or initiative.
Safety Awareness and Accountability - Ability to identify and correct conditions that affect employee safety and to insure safety materials and devices are being properly used.
