At World Fuel Services, our employees are the key to our global success.We are industry leaders due to the innumerable talents of our approximately 5000- strong professional team. Our people thrive in an entrepreneurial and culturally-diverse environment, where innovative thinking, collaboration and efficient execution are highly valued. Our high-performance culture is what allows us to drive sustained growth. Stronger together, we promote an environment where individuals can thrive.

When you click 'Apply', you will need to click on 'Create Account'. By creating an account, you will be able to view your applications and their statuses. Your password must contain 1 upper case letter, 1 number, and 1 special character.
World Fuel Services, is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.


POSITION SUMMARY

Receive, store, and deploy materials from warehouse or storage yard.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS

Receive and count stock items, and record data manually or using computer.
Pack and unpack items to be stocked on shelves in warehouses or storage yards.
Verify inventory computations by comparing them to physical counts of stock, and investigate discrepancies or adjust errors.
Store items in an orderly and accessible manner in warehouses or other areas.
Clean and maintain supplies, tools, equipment, and storage areas in order to ensure compliance with safety regulations.
Determine proper storage methods, identification, and stock location based on turnover, environmental factors, and physical capabilities of facilities.
Examine and inspect stock items for wear or defects, reporting any damage to supervisors.
Drive trucks in order to pick up incoming stock or to deliver stock to designated locations.
Distribute materials and products to customers or coworkers, based on information from incoming requisitions.
