Join the industry leader to design the next generation of breakthroughs
The future is what you make it.


When you join Honeywell, you become a member of our global team of thinkers, innovators, dreamers, and doers who make the things that make the future. Working at Honeywell isn’t just about developing cool things. That’s why all of our employees enjoy access to dynamic career opportunities across different fields and industries.


Are you ready to help us make the future?


Honeywell’s Federal Manufacturing & Technologies business manages the U. S. Department of Energy’s Kansas City National Security Campus in Missouri and New Mexico, manufacturing sophisticated mechanical, electronic, and engineered-material components for our nation's defense system. Honeywell is on the leading edge of supplying engineering and manufacturing expertise for our nation's defense and national security. Visit kcnsc.doe.gov for more information about working for Honeywell at the Kansas City National Security Campus.

***This position is located in Kansas City, MO***

Summary of Duties:

Performs financial/accounting services primarily supporting General Accounting Accounts Receivables/Billing and Corporate reporting
Assists in planning, organizing, and coordinating accounting activities to meet established objectives and schedules including the assignment of duties, monitoring of work completion and approval of reports, journal entries, and other data
Performs special assignments or assigns projects and provides results to management
Prepare and submit assigned journal entries and account reconciliations
Coordinates the development and maintenance of internal procedures and work instructions for accounting and/or budget activities
Coordinates the training of personnel in various accounting activities
Maintains accuracy of the financial systems and proposes corrections as necessary
Recommends accounting treatment of non-routine business transactions, performs ad-hoc analysis and completes special projects
Serves as a consultant and external spokesperson for the Finance organization on major matters pertaining to policies, plans and objectives
Helps ensure a sound internal control environment exists
Serves as liaison to management in the absence of supervision
May perform other duties as required


You Must Have:

Five or more years of Accounting/Finance experience with BS degree
Bachelors degree in Accounting at an accredited university with compensatory Finance experience; OR 7 years Honeywell Finance/Accounting experience

We Value:

Advanced level of proficiency applying advanced principles, theories and concepts
Contributes to the development of new principles and concepts

Additional Information
JOB ID: req238486
Category: Finance
Location: 6700 W 115th St,Overland Park,Kansas,66211,United States
Exempt
Must have or be eligible for a security clearance due to contractual requirements.
