Join a team recognized for leadership, innovation and diversity
The future is what you make it.

When you join Honeywell, you become a member of our global team of thinkers, innovators, dreamers and doers who make the things that make the future.

That means changing the way we fly, fueling jets in an eco-friendly way, keeping buildings smart and safe and even making it possible to breathe on Mars.

Working at Honeywell isn’t just about developing cool things. That’s why all of our employees enjoy access to dynamic career opportunities across different fields and industries.

Are you ready to help us make the future?

An excellent career opportunity is currently available for an Executive Assistant at Honeywell Corporate located in Charlotte, NC.  In this exciting opportunity in a high growth environment, you will utilize your extensive administrative, analytics and systems experience to significantly impact and support our leadership team.  This is an excellent stepping-stone offering room for advancement.

Use your administrative and organizational skills to provide general administrative support to Honeywell executives, including Vice Presidents and Senior Leaders. You will work closely with the business leaders and enjoy a lot of interaction with internal employees and external customers. You will contribute in a team of highly committed professionals. Beside supporting travel planning, complex meeting and calendar coordination, you will get involved in building communications, business packages, and data analytics materials. Grow and develop your technical and interpersonal skills while focusing on client support. Contribute to a team-based culture and friendly working environment



Specific Responsibilities:

Conduct research, prepare statistical reports, handle information requests and organize information in presentation materials.
Provide high-level administrative support by performing clerical functions such as preparing correspondence, receiving visitors, arranging conference calls, and scheduling meetings.
Building PowerPoint presentations.
Performing research.
Serving as a Business Partner.
Compiling data to organize it for business consumption.
Helping to gather and process information, organize logistics and build materials related to diversity initiatives and University Relations data.
Answering phone inquiries, directing calls, and providing basic company information.
Highly effective at performing clerical duties, taking memos, maintaining files, and organizing documents. Photocopying, faxing, collating, etc., as needed.
Arranges travel, accommodation, itineraries, and all correspondence related to arrangements as needed.
Plans/organizes and implements events such as meetings, business luncheons, or client dinners.
Manages executive schedule and acts as liaison for executive team.
Prepares reports, presentations, and data, as well as maintaining files, records, and correspondence for meetings.
Handles confidential information; organizes and maintains files.
Prepares information and research for executive needs.
May help plan and coordinate company events, meetings, and employee team building activities or special projects.
YOU MUST HAVE

A minimum of 5 years of experience providing administrative support to senior-level leaders.
Proficient computer skills, including Microsoft Office Suite (Word, PowerPoint, and Excel); scheduling appointments/updating calendars and coordinating travel is a must.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to easily and effectively juggle many priorities and competing demands.
Excellent time management, prioritization and organizational skills.
Highschool Diploma.
WE VALUE

Associates Degree.
Individuals who are self-motivated and do things before being asked by others or forced to by events.
Ability to focus on important information and identify key details.
Professional and courteous communication.
Highly dependable and trustworthy and able to manage conflicting priorities and deadline.




Additional Information
JOB ID: HRD98917
Category: Business Management
Location: 300 S. Tryon St, Suite 500 / 600,Charlotte,North Carolina,28202,United States
Nonexempt
