Job Requirements
Join a team recognized for leadership, innovation and diversity
The future is what you make it.



When you join Honeywell, you become a member of our global team of thinkers, innovators, dreamers and doers who make the things that make the future. That means changing the way we fly, fueling jets in an eco-friendly way, keeping buildings smart and safe and even making it possible to breathe on Mars.



Honeywell is actively changing how the world works through innovation across aerospace and defense, building technologies, safety and productivity solutions, and performance materials. Our 110,000 employees enjoy access to dynamic career opportunities across different fields and industries in almost 1,000 locations around the world. Check out Honeywell.com/future to learn how we’re making the future, from quantum computing to flying taxis.

Are you ready to help us make the future?

Position Overview



Drive a customer-focused and growth mindset across the organization and help Honeywell transform into the world’s premier Software-Industrial company. You will work on cross-functional teams to develop new products and implement marketing strategies, partnering with our technology, engineering, sales, and finance teams. You will gain exposure to areas such as global markets research, industry and competitive analyses, defining new product requirements, establishing value propositions, and strategic planning.



This is an expression of interest – we will inform you when opportunities become available



**This position is available in multiple locations across the United States** You Must Have



Must be receiving a Master's/MBA degree (preferably in Marketing or Strategy), in an accredited college or university between May 2019 and August 2020.

Applicants for employment for this position must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Honeywell



Work Experience
We Value



Some strategy consulting and/or industry experience preferred

Demonstrated leadership ability – able to work effectively with and influence others toward project goals

Strong business acumen – knowledge of B2B business markets a plus

Strong strategic marketing / market intelligence orientation

Strong interpersonal skills – able to successfully cooperate and influence with those in other functions in a matrix organization

Strong project management and presentation skills

Results-oriented

Entrepreneurial thinker

Global mindset – international experience a plus
