Do you want to be our new Data Scientist?
Join ConocoPhillips' competent Data & Analytics Team and work with us to promote better data – driven decisions!

Organizational fit
This position reports to: Director, IT Data & Analytics Services.
The Data Scientist is a member of the Norway IT Data & Analytics team and the global Data & Analytics community.

Purpose
The Data Scientist will be responsible for investigating, proposing, designing and implementing analytic solutions based on statistical techniques/machine learning that promote data-driven decision making, opportunity creation, improved operational processes and margins for the company.

Accountability & End Result
In collaboration with subject matter experts formulate innovative analysis workflows to answer specific business questions
Actively identify and participate in training, knowledge sharing and development activities around analytics in ConocoPhillips
Actively support and collaborate the Citizen Data Scientist network through delivering solutions that provides new insights and value
Collaborate in deploying systems that  increase margins, support efficienthydrocarbon production, reduce green house gas emission and improve safety
Assigned roles, responsibilities, procedures and other

Explore and analyze data from multiple diverse data sources
Produce visualizations and statistical machine learning models
Ensure that the Data Warehouse is organized to facilitate analyses and visualizations
Hypothesis testing: being able to develop hypothesis and design experiments
Assist business users to actively take advantage of new analytical tools, and showcase the opportunities for self-service
Evaluate analytic tools and vendors in collaboration with the corporate analytics team

Required skills (education, experience & competencies):
MSc degree that involves quantitative analysis and/or Computer Science, Statistics, or Mathematics.
Min. 4 years of experience within IT and/or other relevant disciplines, including 1+ years of experience working using statistics or data mining.
Experience with applying statistical or machine learning algorithms
Experience in data analytics and data visualization
Excellent interpersonal, organizational, and analytical skills
Good communication and presentation skills, Norwegian and English (Oral and Written)

Preferred skills (education, experience & competencies)
MSc degree Computer Science/Data Science,Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, Biostatistics or another quantitative field. BSc degree with additional relevant experience and training with analytics/data science may be considered
Experience from the Exploration & Production industry
Thrives in a results-oriented environment
Strong collaboration skills
Aptitude for learning new technologies, programming languages, and statistical processes
Demonstrated ability to visualize and present ideas in a concise manner
Good awareness of Advanced Analytics vendor and tool landscape.
Business acumen required to articulate potential value of analytic solutions.
Ability to see holistic solutions and manages to implement them for increased value creation

Other
ConocoPhillips offers competitive terms of employment and good welfare benefits.

Other questions related to the recruiting process can be forwarded to COPNORecruiting@conocophillips.com.

You must complete the entire application process, which includes answering all prescreening questions and providing your eSignature within the application deadline August 23, 2020.

Please note that you can refer to your attached CV in the fields regarding work experience and education. All applications must include following attachments; motivation letter, CV and transcript of records to be considered.

Our Company
ConocoPhillips is the world’s largest independent E&P company based on production and proved reserves.
Headquartered in Houston, Texas, the Company’s office in Norway is in Tananger outside Stavanger.

ConocoPhillips is the operator of the fields in the Greater Ekofisk Area and a co-owner in partner-operated assets on the Norwegian continental shelf. We are 1800 employees in Norway, with approximately half working at our installations in the Greater Ekofisk Area.

The company’s employees across the globe abide by our core SPIRIT Values for safety, people, integrity, responsibility, innovation and teamwork. For more information, see http://www.conocophillips.com.

“ConocoPhillips is an equal opportunity employer” 
