Headquartered in Houston, Texas, ConocoPhillips had operations and activities in 17 countries, $65 billion of total assets, and approximately 10,400 employees as of March 31, 2020. Production excluding Libya averaged 1,278 MBOED for the three months ended March 31, 2020, and proved reserves were 5.3 BBOE as of Dec. 31, 2019. For more information, go to www.conocophillips.com

Employees across the globe focus on fulfilling our core SPIRIT Values of safety, people, integrity, responsibility, innovation and teamwork. And we apply the characteristics that define leadership excellence in how we engage each other, collaborate with our teams, and drive the business.


We currently have a great opportunity for an experienced Tax Manager to join our Finance team in Brisbane. Reporting to the Vice President Finance, the Tax Manager will be responsible for developing and leading the tax function within the finance team for Australia. This role will also be accountable for ensuring that the Australasian group of companies remains compliant; providing advice on taxation policy, issues and planning to optimise tax costs and compliance.



Key Roles and Responsibilities:
Develop an effective tax staff and strategy to adequately handle peak and ongoing resources and key decision needs for ongoing issue management and compliance needs
Ensure that Australian division companies remain tax compliant in all respects for direct and indirect taxes imposed by all appliable taxing authorities
Provide taxation advice to Management and internal customers of tax implications of proposed transactions and commercial arrangements
Ensure that tax accruals and forecasts are prepared in a timely manner
Manage tax queries, investigations and audits while keeping up to date with emerging developments and changes to taxation law and advise management as appropriate
To be successful in this role, you will demonstrate the following experience and qualifications:

Required
Tertiary qualifications in bsuiness, commerce, or a similar discipline
CPA or CA qualified
10+ years tax experience
Supervisory experience
Experience with Excel Modelling
Demonstrated ability to develop strong customer and client relationships and networks

What we offer

This role offers stability of a full-time, permanent position operating on a Monday – Friday work week with a competitive salary package
A culture that is underpinned by everyone’s commitment to the SPIRIT values Training, career development and outstanding benefits
A commitment to workplace diversity and flexible work arrangements
This position provides an exciting and unique opportunity to join a global LNG company, which is motivated to see you learn and continue to improve both your technical and professional skills.

In order to be considered for this position you must complete the entire application process, which includes answering all prescreening questions on or before the requisition closing date of August 23, 2020.

Please note, international relocation and work permit (visa) sponsorship is not offered for this role.  Applications will be accepted from local Australian national candidates with Australian citizenship or permanent residency only.


ConocoPhillips is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
