Who We Are

We are one of the world’s largest independent exploration and production companies, based on proved reserves and production of liquids and natural gas. With operations in 17 countries, we explore for, develop and produce crude oil and natural gas globally. We are challenged with an important job to safely find and deliver energy to the world. Our employees are critical to our success, and with them we power civilization.

We’re grounded by our SPIRIT Values – safety, people, integrity, responsibility, innovation and teamwork. These values position us to deliver strong performance in a dynamic business – but not at all costs. We believe it’s not just what we do – it’s how we do it – that sets us apart.

We strive to make a significant difference in the communities where we live and operate. We create an inclusive environment that values all voices and opinions. Together, the different backgrounds, experiences, ideas and perspectives of our employees drive our success.

Description

If you are selected as the Sr. Counsel, Intellectual Property, you will report to the Technology & IP Managing Counsel and provide legal advice relating to all Intellectual Property matters for ConocoPhillips.

Your responsibilities may include:

Advising internal business clients across the ConocoPhillips enterprise regarding intellectual property matters, including legal strategies for technology acquisition and development, freedom to operate clearance and generating opinions covering agreement analyses, patents, trademarks, secrecy, and copyright issues
Provides IP subject matter expertise to other Legal functions and colleagues
Drafting, reviewing and negotiating intellectual property related agreements and clauses, ranging from secrecy and non-analysis agreements through the more complex licensing and transactional agreements
Evaluating ConocoPhillips innovations and inventions to provide recommendations for protection
Managing outside counsel and vendors when used
Basic/Required:

Must be legally authorized to work in the United States as a U.S. citizen or national, or an alien admitted as permanent resident, refugee or asylee
Juris Doctor from a law school accredited by the American Bar Association or foreign equivalent
Licensed to practice before the United States Patent and Trademark Office
10+ years of experience in Intellectual Property Law
Willing and able (with or without reasonable accommodation) to travel both domestically and internationally, 10% of the time on a yearly basis
Preferred:

Bachelor’s degree or higher in a technical field or foreign equivalent
Experience in the oil & gas industry
Ability to manage client expectations and prioritize work assignments which may be broad in scope and complexity and which involved collaborative work with employees in different departments with varying levels of seniority
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision within broadly defined objectives
Ability to work effectively across legal and business functional groups
Excellent written and oral communication skills required including the ability to effectively manage and communicate with internal and external business clients and partners
Substantial transactional experience
Experinced in handling IP disputes, both enforcement and defense
Superior negotiation, advocacy and presentation skills with mature judgment and discretion
Effective use of knowledge and experience in establishing and weighing alternatives for making decisions associated with an area of responsibility
Actively seeks out diverse people and organizations to collectively achieve business goals
Listens actively and invites new ideas for exchanged opinions, then influences and acts to drive positive performance and achieve results
Builds positive relationships based on trust and seeks collaboration across organizational boundaries to achieve goals
Delivers results through realistic planning to accomplish goals
To be considered for this position you must complete the entire application process, which includes answering all prescreening questions and providing your eSignature on or before the requisition closing date of August 31, 2020.

Candidates for this U.S. position must be a U.S. citizen or national, or an alien admitted as permanent resident, refugee, asylee or temporary resident under 8 U.S.C. 1160(a) or 1255(a) (1). Individuals with temporary visas such as A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, J, L, M, NATO, O, P, Q, R or TN or who need sponsorship for work authorization in the United States now or in the future, are not eligible for hire.

ConocoPhillips is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, gender identity or expression, genetic information or any other legally protected status.
