Who We Are

We are one of the world’s largest independent exploration and production companies, based on proved reserves and production of liquids and natural gas. With operations in 17 countries, we explore for, develop and produce crude oil and natural gas globally. We are challenged with an important job to safely find and deliver energy to the world. Our employees are critical to our success, and with them we power civilization.

We’re grounded by our SPIRIT Values – safety, people, integrity, responsibility, innovation and teamwork. These values position us to deliver strong performance in a dynamic business – but not at all costs. We believe it’s not just what we do – it’s how we do it – that sets us apart.

We strive to make a significant difference in the communities where we live and operate. We create an inclusive environment that values all voices and opinions. Together, the different backgrounds, experiences, ideas and perspectives of our employees drive our success.

Description

If you are selected as the Senior Analyst, Lower 48 Communications, you will be a key member of the L48 communications group. You will have accountability and responsibility for developing and driving internal and external communications, strategies and tactics that support the L48 business unit. You will also provide strategic communications counsel to leadership and proactively identify and deliver effective, measurable communications.

The role requires significant levels of self-management, content development and interaction with all levels of the business unit (BU). The successful candidate will demonstrate proficiency in areas such as external communications, project management, employee engagement and leadership communications to ensure the planning, development and execution of communications support business priorities and align with the company’s strategy.

Your responsibilities may include:

Provide strategic communications council to BU leaders and project teams
Develop news releases and key messages in anticipation of operational achievements and events
Drive internal communications strategies and plans that engage employees and promote understanding of the company’s strategy and values
Handle the L48’s internal communications channels
Coordinate with stakeholder relations team to develop content for audiences in the BU’s key areas of operations
Work with government affairs and corporate communications teams to develop communications plans addressing regulatory and legislative issues
Represent the company in regional trade associations
Build content for the company’s internal and external websites
Support content development and logistics for leadership town halls and other employee communications events
Act as a member of the BU’s crisis response team
Handle complex communications issues to produce timely and measurable results
Translate complex information into creative and effective communication concepts
Basic/Required:

Must be legally authorized to work in the United States as a U.S. citizen or national, or an alien admitted as permanent resident, refugee or asylee
Bachelor’s degree or higher in communications, public relations, or related field or foreign equivalent
5+ years of experience in communications
Basic proficiency with Microsoft Office
Preferred:

5+ years of experience in an oil and gas environment
Experience working directly with senior leaders
Self-starter, able to work autonomously
Proven project management skills
Strong writer with editing experience and knowledge of AP style
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Outstanding communications, teamwork and networking skills
Ability to influence others through communications
Awareness of oil and gas industry terminology
Delivers results through realistic planning to accomplish goals
Listens actively and invites new ideas for exchanged opinions, then influences and acts to drive positive performance and achieve results
Builds positive relationships based on trust and seeks collaboration across organizational boundaries to achieve goals
To be considered for this position you must complete the entire application process, which includes answering all prescreening questions and providing your eSignature on or before the requisition closing date of August 14, 2020.

Candidates for this U.S. position must be a U.S. citizen or national, or an alien admitted as permanent resident, refugee, asylee or temporary resident under 8 U.S.C. 1160(a) or 1255(a) (1). Individuals with temporary visas such as A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, J, L, M, NATO, O, P, Q, R or TN or who need sponsorship for work authorization in the United States now or in the future, are not eligible for hire.

ConocoPhillips is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, gender identity or expression, genetic information or any other legally protected status.
