Who We Are



We are one of the world’s largest independent exploration and production companies, based on proved reserves and production of liquids and natural gas. With operations in 17 countries, we explore for, develop and produce crude oil and natural gas globally.  We are challenged with an important job to safely find and deliver energy to the world. Our employees are critical to our success, and with them we power civilization.



We’re grounded by our SPIRIT Values – safety, people, integrity, responsibility, innovation and teamwork. These values position us to deliver strong performance in a dynamic business – but not at all costs. We believe it’s not just what we do – it’s how we do it – that sets us apart.



We strive to make a significant difference in the communities where we live and operate. We create an inclusive environment that values all voices and opinions.  Together, the different backgrounds, experiences, ideas and perspectives of our employees drive our success.


Your responsibilities may include:

The Utility Person may be assigned to work in any department aboard the vessel, and is responsible for housekeeping/sanitation duties in the various areas of the ship.  The Utility Person is required to participate in all drills and emergencies, and assists with the enforcement of rules, regulations, and pollution prevention.  Overall, the Utility Person assists the deck, engine, and galley crews as needed.

When assigned to the engine department, under direction of the First Assistant Engineer, you may be responsible for the following:
Cleans decks and ladder ways
Replenishes materials and rag bins, empties trash, organizes tools and stores, paints, and assists with maintenance
Familiar with engineer room spaces to avoid hazards and take the necessary action in time of emergency
Learns the plant and machinery operation
Participates in maintenance and upkeep
The Utility, when assigned to the deck department under the direction of the Chief Mate, may perform the following duties:
Performs sanitation duties in the house, passage spaces, common areas, and heads
Assists with mooring lines when docking and undocking, and with securing the deck for sea
Assists with cargo operations
Assists the deck department in the maintenance and upkeep of the areas and equipment assigned to the deck department
The Utility performs the duties of lookout when arriving or departing a port, or whenever required by the Master.

Relocation is not provided for this position.
Basic/Required:
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States as a U.S. citizen or national, or an alien admitted as permanent resident, refugee or asylee

Passport
Must be at least 18 years of age
Willingness and ability to:
To be away from home for periods in excess of two months
Push/pull up to 200 pounds
Lift/carry up to 100 pounds floor to shoulder
Lift up to 50 pounds to overhead
Climb Stairs and ladders
Stand for long periods of time
Physically attend to vessels including confined space entry and environmental extremes
Willing and able to climb various ladders and stairs or perform maintenance on equipment are a part of this position.  The ladders and stairs range from 5 to 200 feet in height.
Willing and able to raise and transport articles up to 50 pounds
Willing and able to walk, stand, stoop, sit, climb, and carry material on a daily basis on even and uneven terrain
Willing and able to work outside in harsh weather conditions
Willing and able to work alone a high percentage of the time
TWIC Card
Merchant Mariner’s document (Z-card)
Preferred:
Endorsement (not barges)
RFPNW endorsement on your Merchant Mariner Credentials
Tankerman Assistant endorsement (not barges)
VPDSD endorsement
Willing and able to work overtime
Completion of basic safety class
Previous experience working on a crude oil tanker
Previous experience working on a product tanker
Experience in operating a mechanical winch
Experience in operating a crane
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Organized, efficient, and have problem solving skills
Firefighting training with in the last 5 years
RFPEW endorsement on your Merchant Mariner Credentials
Ability to clearly follow instructions, both written and verbal
Ability to apply common sense to achieve the desired outcomes according to the company’s operating procedures and safety protocols
Organized, efficient and a methodical problem solver

This position requires you to have a Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC card) to gain access to secure areas of Maritime Transportation Security Act (MTSA) regulated facilities and vessels. Any candidate selected for this position will not be allowed to begin work without a card in hand or proof from the TSA of a card “In Production” or “In Transit.” Visit the TSA website http://www.tsa.gov/what_we_do/layers/twic/index.shtm formore information.

To be considered for this position you must complete the entire application process, which includes answering all prescreening questions and providing your eSignature on or before the requisition closing date of September 30, 2020.



Candidates for this U.S. position must be a U.S. citizen or national, or an alien admitted as permanent resident, refugee, asylee or temporary resident under 8 U.S.C. 1160(a) or 1255(a) (1). Individuals with temporary visas such as A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, J, L, M, NATO, O, P, Q, R or TN or who need sponsorship for work authorization in the United States now or in the future, are not eligible for hire.

ConocoPhillips is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, gender identity or expression, genetic information or any other legally protected status.
