Location Plano, Texas | San Antonio, Texas |
Secondary Locations San Antonio,Texas;Plano,Texas;REMOTE,ZZ;
Job ID R0045233
Date posted Mar. 19, 2020
Purpose of Job
We are seeking a talented Audit Manager – Credit Cards for our San Antonio, TX, Plano, TX, or Remote facilities.

Purpose of the Job

Leads and executes both moderately and highly complex audit engagements throughout the audit lifecycle, to include understanding of horizontal and vertical business impacts, integrating audits with IT, analytics, and projects and reviewing work papers. Develops and independently performs complex work assignments and problem resolution in support of risk-based assurance and advisory engagements. Maintains a high degree of business contact through fieldwork, often serving as the principal fieldwork contact. Mentors staff auditors on audit excellence, to include theory and application of audit and/or business/IT techniques. Adheres to the Institute of Internal Auditors' International Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing (Standards) and Code of Ethics. Maintains knowledge of financial services regulations and effectively responds and interacts with regulators.
Job Requirements
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES

Leads and executes both moderately and highly complex audit engagements throughout the audit lifecycle.
Manages engagement-related efforts and assignments of staff with varying degrees of expertise and experience when conducting engagements as the Auditor-in-Charge (AIC).
Provides coaching and guidance to other auditors to ensure quality and timely audit engagement deliverables.
Updates engagement risk assessments utilizing current data.
Develops and verifies accuracy of content within audit reports and continuous monitoring.
Reviews work papers and delivers audit team end of engagement evaluations when applicable.
Leads continuous monitoring and advisory activities, special reviews and investigations.
Builds and develops relationships both internally within Audit Services and externally with clients and control partners to help drive strategic objectives with the business.
Ensures engagements are completed objectively, professionally, and in accordance with corporate and industry audit standards.
Identifies and remediates issues and roadblocks to successful completion of audit activities.
Provides guidance on the use of business systems, applications, and/or audit tools to create queries and ad hoc reports. Reviews, analyzes, and interprets data collected from multiple sources to ensure valid conclusions are drawn.
Communicates with the business/clients; delivers both risk-based and difficult messages.
May communicate with regulators and leaders.
Identifies control weaknesses and opportunities for improvement in the current operating environment and provides recommendations for corrective action; drafts the related audit issues and audit reports for issuance to respective client leadership and coordinates and/or conducts follow-up activities as defined in the observations.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS

Bachelor's degree in Business relevant field OR four additional years of related experience beyond minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree.
6 or more years of audit, financial, insurance, banking, information technology or related business and/or leadership experience OR relevant Master's Degree with 4 or more years of relevant experience
Advanced knowledge of Audit theory and demonstrated experience in audit execution.
Advanced level business acumen in business operations, industry practices, and emerging trends associated with Credit Cards.
PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS

Audit experience, specifically with Credit Cards
Experience working at a large financial institution
Experience completing complex integrated audits end to end - Prepare Risk and Control Matrix, Oversee completion of fieldwork testing – Control Design, Operating Effectiveness, Substantive testing, Draft Audit Issues and Report
Strong Project Management Experience
Strong Communication skills – written and oral
Experience working as an “Auditor In Charge” on several engagements at a time.
Experience coaching and mentoring junior staff
*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level*

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions.  This will take approximately 5 minutes.  Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not able to change your responses.

The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.

USAA also offers a variety of on-site services and conveniences to help you manage your work and personal life, including seven cafeterias, two company stores and three fitness centers.

Relocation assistance is available for this position.

For Internal Candidates: Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement), or must have manager’s approval prior to posting.

Last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 03/25/2020 by 11:59 pm CST time
