Location Phoenix, Arizona
Secondary Locations Phoenix,Arizona;
Job ID R0046728
Date posted Apr. 28, 2020
Purpose of Job
Provides member onboarding, servicing and/or facilitation of product sales through various channels (e.g., phone, mail, e-mail, face-to-face). Deepens and retains member relationships through needs assessment and solution offerings from USAA products and services.
Job Requirements
We are currently seeking talented Customer Service Representatives (Insurance - Property or Bank Servicing) for our Phoenix, Arizona location for future opportunities in 2020.

Click on link below to watch USAA Banking and Insurance Customer Service Careers Spotlight:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6SPVgJL_Z8

Click on the link below for a virtual tour of the Phoenix Campus.

usaa.com/PHXtour

Come join our award winning team! USAA was recently recognized by Forbes® as one of the Best Employers in the U.S. and FORTUNE® magazine highlighted us as one of the World's Most Admired Companies®. We are proud to consistently receive outstanding awards and ratings for member service, employee well-being and financial strength. Everything that happens at USAA is based on our core values: Service, Loyalty, Honesty, and Integrity. These are the foundations of how we do business with our members, as well as how we treat each other.


Gathers information and closes on product sales demonstrating intermediate skills and knowledge of USAA products and benefits.

Identifies member events to provide solutions on products and closes on product sales that meet the member's needs and facilitate the member's financial security.
Empathizes with members and provide offers & solutions to make it easy for members to acquire a USAA product.
Responds to and complete member requests.
TRAINING SCHEDULE

Full schedule availability is needed (Monday) - (Friday), 8:00 AM - 10:00 PM.
Training includes New Employee Orientation, Licensing, Enterprise Knowledge, Pipeline training and On-the-job-training.
You must successfully complete a training program. USAA training programs include classroom instruction, computer-based lessons, and instructor-led activities with systems simulations.
Employees attending training are expected to meet USAA's established standards for performance, attendance and conduct.
WORK SCHEDULE

Availability to work a 5 day/40 hour work week between 7:00 am - 10:00pm (Local time) to include a Permanent Saturday or Sunday.
A 30 percent Shift Premium pay would apply to work hours scheduled after 6pm, Mon-Fri & weekends.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS

High School Diploma or GED equivalent.
Up to one year of customer service in a retail and/or financial services environment.
This position will/may require a Property and Casualty license. You must pass a licensing exam and have the ability to become licensed in all applicable states. USAA will provide the study and training environment to assist you with the licensing exam.
PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS

1 year of customer contact experience in a needs-based sales environment

Military Service
Experience in a fast-paced contact center environment
6+ months experience frequently communicating (minimum 60 percent of the time) with customers by phone, e-mail, and/or face to face.
The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.

USAA also offers a variety of on-site services and conveniences to help you manage your work and personal life.

Relocation assistance is not available for this position.

Qualified applicants must successfully complete a pre-employment background and drug screen.
