Job Description
Description

At Exelon, we've got a place for you!

Join the nation's leading competitive energy provider, with one of the largest electricity generation portfolios and retail customer bases in the country. You will be part of a family of companies that strives for the highest standards of power generation, competitive energy sales, and energy delivery. Our team of outstanding professionals is focused on performance, thought leadership, innovation, and the power of ideas that come from a diverse and inclusive workforce.


Exelon will provide you the tools and resources you need to design, build and enhance a successful career. We are also dedicated to motivating the success of our employees through competitive base salary, incentives, and health and retirement benefits.


Join Exelon and share your passion at a forward-thinking Fortune 100 company. Establish yourself in a place where you can truly shine and create a brighter, more sustainable tomorrow. Energize your career at Exelon!


PRIMARY PURPOSE OF POSITION
The Sr. Financial Analyst has the lead day-to-day responsibility for managing and controlling O&M and capital costs.  This role will support accurate planning, reporting and analysis of operations.  This position entails increased scope and complexity including fleet wide special projects.  Must be able to fulfill ad hoc requests from various internal and external sources to support decision-making and provide necessary insight to executives, managers, department heads and line personnel.   Individual must be flexible, proactive and able to work with ambiguity.  Individual must be able to commit to the time requirements of this position, which may demand extended hours as required.


PRIMARY DUTIES AND ACCOUNTABILITIES
1. Provide financial analysis and reporting for management on major capital and O&M cost drivers.  Work with personnel to control and manage costs. Forecast performance against goals, plans and budgets. Bring a financial perspective to daily operations. Prepare and review month-end, quarterly and full-year forecast/reports up to and including:  executive reporting packages, monthly financial close packages, quarterly management meeting presentations

2. Lead each monthly financial closing (pre and post close work), providing all required reporting to corporate center and site management. Ensure proper accounting treatment is followed and monitor adherence to corporate policies and procedures. Prepare various periodic reports to communicate performance in areas such as contracted services, overtime and other.

3. Develop the long-range financial plan.
4. Review and process Capital and other Project Request proposals. Monitor and report on Project spend.

5. Perform cost reporting - planning & tracking
6. Perform periodic Ad-hoc reporting and analyses.
7. Work with Manger to develop and oversee the work product of more junior financial analysts in the group and provide training and guidance as required. Perform complex special projects at the request of Management.


Qualifications

POSITION SPECIFICATIONS
4 year degree in a business-related field with 5 to 8 years business-related experience and demonstrated success in finance or business operations.
MBA/CPA preferred
Effective financial analysis skills, combined with effective written and verbal communication skills.
Exposure to accounting principles, financial metrics and financial statement relationships
Working knowledge of Business Operations & industry practices.
Thorough computer-base analytical skill (e.g. Access, Excel, Power Point, database management)
Expertise in PeopleSoft and financial systems preferred

DISCLAIMER
The preceding position description is intended to provide the general nature and level of work to be performed by employees within this classification.  It is not intended to be a detailed description of the position or a comprehensive listing of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this position, nor is it intended to indicate the exact amounts of time an individual will perform various position duties.


Exelon is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and employees or applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to: age, color, disability, gender, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law.


VEVRAA Federal Contractor

EEO is the Law Poster: http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm
