Job Description
Description

At Exelon, we've got a place for you!

Join the nation's leading competitive energy provider, with one of the largest electricity generation portfolios and retail customer bases in the country. You will be part of a family of companies that strives for the highest standards of power generation, competitive energy sales, and energy delivery. Our team of outstanding professionals is focused on performance, thought leadership, innovation, and the power of ideas that come from a diverse and inclusive workforce.

Exelon will provide you the tools and resources you need to design, build and enhance a successful career. We are also dedicated to motivating the success of our employees through competitive base salary, incentives, and health and retirement benefits.

Join Exelon and share your passion at a forward-thinking Fortune 100 company. Establish yourself in a place where you can truly shine and create a brighter, more sustainable tomorrow. Energize your career at Exelon!


PRIMARY PURPOSE OF POSITION

Plans, directs, coordinates and supervises craft personnel engaged in the construction, operation and maintenance of company substation equipment. Supervises resources in a manner that ensures the safe, efficient, economical, and expeditious completion of work with high regard for cost, quality and customer satisfaction to accomplish desired results. Promotes safety principles and assists in the training and development of the craft workforce. Ensures the focus and attainment of business goals and objectives. Maintains an environment that promotes safety, environmental compliance, diversity, innovation and high productivity.

Position may be required to work extended hours, including 24 x 7 coverage during storms or other energy delivery emergencies.

PRIMARY DUTIES AND ACCOUNTABILITIES
Plan, coordinate, and direct employees engaged in the execution of scheduled and emergent work activities, to assure the highest levels of customer service and to achieve safety, reliability and productivity goals.

Provide leadership to and development of the craft workforce. Coach and evaluate employee performance with timely recognition. Conduct performance reviews and identify growth and learning opportunities for employees. Execute labor strategies involving employees covered under the collective bargaining agreement.

Work within departmental budgets. Plan resource coverage and execute work activities directed at achievement of business plans and business unit objectives. Develop alternative courses of action that are based on logical assumptions and factual information after considering resources, constraints, and organizational values. Recognize unusual conditions and take corrective action.

Respond to emergent equipment conditions and coordinate emergency response to restore system configuration and/or service to customers. Requires 24-hour on-call responsibilities and varied work schedules, as required by business needs.

Promote and maintain an environment that fosters a high performance culture and a learning organization. Ensure an environment that respects and promotes diversity. Serves as a change agent for business initiatives and assures the human element is understood and considered. Facilitates open and honest communication with staff.

Qualifications

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Education - High School diploma or equivalent
Experience - 5- 8 years of industry experience in various engineering, construction or operating assignments.
Certifications/Licenses
Valid drivers license
Successful completion of Supervisory Assessment.
Knowledge - Demonstrated knowledge of T & D operating, maintenance & construction work practices, utility collective bargaining agreements and regulatory issues.

Skills:
Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively, build consensus, establish trust, and foster culture change.
Demonstrated ability to support and enforce safe work behaviors this requires working knowledge of safety rules and work practices.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Education - Associates degree in Engineering, Business Administration, or related field.

Experience:
Electric industry background in the construction, maintenance and troubleshooting of transmission & substation equipment and systems.
Previous supervisory experience
Certifications/Licenses- Ability to pass necessary Nuclear badging criteria (Nuclear roles only)

Knowledge
Technical understanding of transmission and substation components and system protection devices and schemes.
Familiarity with the local collective bargaining agreement.

Skills
Demonstrated ability to develop and implement process enhancements and efficiencies including technology and performance.
Demonstrated business and utility financial acumen, customer awareness, and ability to create value.
Demonstrated leadership ability in a high-performance culture, including coaching and facilitating business competency and performance management skills.

Exelon is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and employees or applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to: age, color, disability, gender, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law.

VEVRAA Federal Contractor

EEO is the Law Poster
