Discover careers that change the world and further advancements in defense, technology, and engineering today at Northrop Grumman. Use your experience to grow your career and support our global customers with the technology, systems, and solutions they need to enable their missions on the front lines and secure our world every day. With Northrop Grumman, you’ll discover a culture built on diversity, respect, and above all teamwork. Together with our group of experts across the technical spectrum, you’ll discover opportunities to make a difference in our world and start solving some of the world’s most critical problems in the most innovative ways.

Northrop Grumman Defense Systems (DS) sector is seeking a highly motivated .NET Developer to join our team of qualified, diverse individuals supporting the Department of Treasury’s Enterprise Business Solutions (EBS) program. The candidate will directly interface with our customer to support the design, creation, deployment, and sustainment of Microsoft .NET and SharePoint solutions. This position is in Washington, DC and allows for partial telework.   In support of this work, the candidate must have a solid understanding of the languages and technologies of the .NET framework and Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) principles. The candidate will work directly with the Federal team to design and develop applications from scratch, maintain and configure applications, develop and maintain SDLC documentation, and provide test support.  Additionally, the candidate will troubleshoot application and system issues and provide user support.  The candidate will leverage out-of-the box functionality as well as develop custom SharePoint features, controls, connections, mappings, and other items.   In support of the SharePoint platform, the candidate will provide technical assistance, assist with deployments, and support infrastructure environment and configuration settings and provide solutions to resolve issues around solution security, access, and permissions.   The candidate is expected to maintain high levels of customer satisfaction and work effectively with employees, subcontractors, and the Treasury staff in a diverse team environment.  This position requires a self-starter and team player.

Basic Qualifications:

•  Bachelor’s Degree with a minimum 2 years’ directly related experience OR 6 years of experience in lieu of a Bachelor's Degree •   2+ years of development experience with Microsoft .NET technologies including one or more of the following: o   SQL queries, stored procedures, and maintaining database schemas o   C# o   WCF Services o   ASP.NET o   SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) packages •    2+ years of experience with Microsoft SharePoint technologies including: o   Developing custom SharePoint code (i.e. page-level or site-level customizations) o   Experience with SharePoint solution packages (.wsp) o   Understanding of SharePoint security •    Experience creating custom security solutions including page-level and site-level customizations •    Experience in validating business requirements and translating them into technical design documents •    Working knowledge of software testing •    Experience working within an agile framework •    Ability to independently organize work, prioritize tasks, and manage multiple and changing priorities •    Must be available to provide scheduled and ad hoc evening and weekend support •    Must be able to obtain a Position of Trust designation security clearance •    Must be a US Citizen
Preferred Qualifications:
•    1+ years’ experience in a Federal environment •    Experience with SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) packages •    PostgreSQL experience •    Experience with SQL Server 2012 and up •    Experience with business logic data validations •    Experience working with large datasets •    Experience developing and administering reports •    Experience integrating SharePoint with Microsoft PowerBI dashboards •    Microsoft .NET coursework/certification •    Microsoft SharePoint coursework/certification
Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.
