Description

Are you interested in expanding your career through experience and exposure, all while supporting a mission that seeks to ensure the security of our nation and its allies?  If so, then Northrop Grumman is the place for you.  As a leading global security company, we provide innovative systems, products and solutions to our customers worldwide.  We are comprised of diverse professionals that bring different perspectives and ideas, understanding that the more experiences we bring to our work the more innovative we can be.  As we continue to build our workforce, we look for people that exemplify our core values, leadership characteristics, and approach to innovation.



Northrop Grumman Defense Systems sector is currently seeking a Budget Analyst to join our team of diverse professionals in McLean, Virginia.


Responsibilities:
Monthly preparation of the Sector/Division level indirect rate variance reports including variance analysis and forecasting
Assisting with the preparation of the annual FPRP, including creation of submission templates, analyzing data, and working with Divisions when finalizing the submission files
Assisting with the annual DCAA FPRP audit
Processing monthly JV’s ensuring that costs are charged in accordance with disclosed practices
Interacting with personnel and management at all levels


Qualifications

Basic Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in business management or related field plus a minimum of 3 years of relevant experience
Evidence of ability to work independently and apply sound judgment to problem solving
Able to effectively manage competing priorities and deadlines, and handle multiple tasks in a fast paced environment
Excellent written and oral communication abilities with all levels and functions within the organization
Strong SAP and excel skills

Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.
