Job ID R94627
Updated date 07/07/2020
77 West Wacker Dr (35012), United States of America, Chicago, Illinois
At Capital One, we’re building a leading information-based technology company. Still founder-led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank, Capital One is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. We measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are succeeding because they are succeeding.

Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. Together, we are on a quest to change banking for good.

Treasury Management, Team Lead- FIG, Healthcare, Private Equity
Fosters and monitors a consistent sales and relationship management culture by managing a team of Treasury Management Consultants (TMCs).  Works with Treasury Management Product Managers and Commercial Bank leadership to design and implement initiatives that enable the bank to realize corporate goals including increased market share, shareholder value, sales revenues, and profits.  Enables the team to meet the clients’ deposit, treasury management, risk, and other liquidity needs. The Team Lead coaches and develops TMCs to strengthen competencies and manage performance.  Provides input into the overall goals, objectives, and budgets for the Treasury Management Division.

The Team Lead is responsible for directing a cohesive, integrated sales team, establishing and communicating expectations, and building close relationships with the Commercial Bank leadership to identify cross-sell opportunities for new and existing relationships while consistently delivering exceptional service to clients. The Team Lead works to identify ways to improve the client experience and enhance Capital One’s brand in the marketplace. They foster and promote a spirit of teamwork and cooperation across value streams. Team Leads play a key role in informing, driving, and executing go-to-market strategy.

Responsibilities:

Communicate and deliver the treasury management sales vision in the market or segment by directing a cohesive, integrated sales team that partners closely with Commercial Bank leadership and relationship managers.
Effectively communicate and influence other key leaders within the bank on key TM strategic needs, initiatives, and changes.
Provide input to the Treasury Management overall strategy. Identify opportunities and risks to the business and mobilize the organization to respond.
Direct Treasury Management sales initiatives including input on product offering, marketing, and delivery.
Responsible for ensuring the TMCs focus on sales process and activity geared toward meeting and exceeding sales goals.
Ensures client relationships are well-managed by TMCs ensuring adherence to regulatory, compliance, or AML policies.
Responsible for managerial functions including coaching, performance management, hiring, etc.
Maintains an awareness of trends and new developments in the field of treasury management through attendance at trade shows and related seminars.
Assists in the design of treasury management services by providing data from the market on strengths and weaknesses of existing services and new product needs not currently met.
Engage in cultivating larger prospect relationships that are regional/national in scope
Basic Qualifications:

Bachelor degree
At least 8 years financial services experience and at least 6 years of sales experience
At least 6 years treasury management experience
At least 2 years sales leadership experience
Preferred Qualifications:

At least 8 years of treasury management experience or Commercial Banking related experience
At least 3 years of treasury management experience working with FIG & Healthcare groups
Advanced treasury management product knowledge
Advanced financial and business acumen
Effective oral and written communication skills
Strong public speaker with proven experience
Certified Treasury Professional designation or equivalent certification
At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position. ​

No agencies please. Capital One is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, physical and mental disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; New York City’s Fair Chance Act; Philadelphia’s Fair Criminal Records Screening Act; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries.
If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

For technical support or questions about Capital One’s recruiting process, please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com

Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.

Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).
