McLean 2 (19052), United States of America, McLean, Virginia
At Capital One, we’re building a leading information-based technology company. Still founder-led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank, Capital One is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. We measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are succeeding because they are succeeding.

Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. Together, we are on a quest to change banking for good.

Director, Assistant General Counsel - Securities and Finance
The Role:

The Securities and Finance group within the Legal Department of Capital One is seeking an experienced attorney to provide legal support to Capital One on SEC reporting and disclosure, including 1934 Act filings, financial reporting and Investor Relations, as well as executive compensation and governance matters. This position will report to the VP, Senior Associate General Counsel leading the Securities and Finance team. This is a highly visible role within the organization requiring maturity and professionalism in interacting with executive leadership and the Board of Directors.

The Director, Assistant General Counsel will support the following activities within the Securities and Finance team:

Draft and review of a broad range of Securities Exchange Act of 1934 filings, including Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K.
Lead the drafting and filing processes associated with the annual Proxy Statement.
Provide legal support and advice to Capital One’s Investor Relations and SEC Reporting groups on public disclosure and other legal matters.
Advise on a broad range of executive compensation and equity administration matters, including Section 16 filings and insider trading policies.
Provide legal support in connection with the governance activities of the Board of Directors and its committees, management committees, and legal entities.
Identify, analyze and report on legal and market practice developments impacting Capital One’s disclosure, governance, and executive compensation practices, including changes in laws, regulations and policies.
Partner with other subject matter experts throughout Capital One with respect to the annual stockholders meeting, Proxy Statement, securities law filings, transactions, and regulatory matters.
Manage and coordinate with outside counsel, when necessary.
The Person:

The successful candidate will be a seasoned legal professional with proven ability to operate effectively in a complex, highly regulated, and evolving environment.
Possess the ability to work in a fast-paced environment with minimal supervision.
Have strong organizational skills with impeccable attention to detail and possess excellent analytical, oral and written communication skills.
Experience advising senior executives and other leaders on complex legal issues.
Ability to build collegial and effective relationships with business clients, attorneys, project managers, and corporate compliance professionals at all levels of the company.
Ability to prioritize and manage a significant volume of legal questions on a broad array of topics with multiple and simultaneous deadlines.
Experience rapidly synthesizing new information and making timely decisions based on that information.
Possess the ability to work cooperatively with internal constituents to create efficient processes and to get issues resolved across organizational boundaries.
Basic Qualifications:

Juris Doctor from an accredited law school.
Active member in good standing of at least one state bar.
At least 5 years of law firm or in-house counsel experience with a public company engaged in a securities law practice.
Preferred Qualifications:

8+ years of law firm or in-house counsel experience with a financial institution engaged in a securities, corporate governance, and executive compensation practice.
At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.

No agencies please. Capital One is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, physical and mental disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; New York City’s Fair Chance Act; Philadelphia’s Fair Criminal Records Screening Act; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries.
If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

For technical support or questions about Capital One’s recruiting process, please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com

Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.

Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).
