Greater NO-W Esplanande Br 27 (37027), United States of America, Metairie, Louisiana
At Capital One, we’re building a leading information-based technology company. Still founder-led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank, Capital One is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. We measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are succeeding because they are succeeding.

Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. Together, we are on a quest to change banking for good.

Part Time Branch Ambassador Customer Service & Sales - West Esplanade
The Reimagined Branch Experience:

Welcome to a new idea in banking. Here at Capital One, we’re redefining how people bank. You see, we believe banking should fit our customers’ everyday lives—not the other way around.

As a Branch Ambassador, you’ll have the opportunity to use your love of working with people and sharing product knowledge to play a vital role in our customers’ banking experience. You’ll also perform a wide variety of transactions including check cashing, deposits, transfers and withdrawals while monitoring fraud mitigation and adhering to established operational policies and procedures. Equally important is the ability to resolve customer inquiries quickly and efficiently, delivering an extraordinary customer experience. Our rapidly changing tech and financial environment requires Ambassadors who are adaptable and have a growth mindset, in addition to being customer experience-obsessed.  Our Branch team exists to enhance the financial lives of people in the communities we serve. We’re not just looking to fill open positions—we seek outgoing, passionate people who really want to be a part of this whole reimagined banking experience.

Here’s what we’re looking for in you:

You’re friendly and engaging and can connect with customers. Yep, you’re a people person—whether you’re helping folks with technology challenges, having casual conversation, or simply showing off some of the cool services and products we offer.
You will be able to reduce customer financial anxiety by helping to determine both personal and business financial needs. You’ll get to pull in experts that can help guide your customers to their financial destination.
You’re aware of the importance of being compliant when working at a bank. You’ll ensure all, audit and security policies and procedures are followed in accordance with Bank policy and Federal regulations.
You’ll support customers in all areas of the branch, from the cash handling and service needs, to rotating throughout the branch based on the customer needs.
The overall retail customer experience is improved with fewer handoffs; every Ambassador is equally “the expert”.
You’re naturally curious and like to learn. We’ll teach you what Capital One has to offer our customers in products, services and experiences to help guide them in the right direction toward their financial goals.
You’re digitally savvy. You’ll showcase what’s possible in our physical space and how to easily navigate our mobile and online experience, using the branch’s laptops and iPads. Take an active role in educating customers on other banking channels as well as other products and services.
Are you a team player? If so, you will have the opportunity to work with an energized team of banking professionals and help inspire your teammates as they inspire you.
You’ll research and answer customer inquiries with the intent of enhancing customer retention and engagement by leverage various tools and channels to recommend appropriate solutions.
You’ll be able to travel between branches in assigned local area and support the market that you are assigned.
If you’re nodding along and like what you’re reading, let’s talk.

Basic Qualifications:
- High School Diploma, GED, or Equivalent Certification
- At least 1 year of Retail, Sales or Customer Service experience

- At least 6 months of cash handling experience

Preferred Qualifications:
- Associate’s degree

-2+ years of Retail, Sales, or Banking Experience

At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.

No agencies please. Capital One is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, physical and mental disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; New York City’s Fair Chance Act; Philadelphia’s Fair Criminal Records Screening Act; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries.
If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

For technical support or questions about Capital One’s recruiting process, please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com

Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.

Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).

Back to Job Navigation (Responsibilties)
