Job ID R98430
Date posted Jul. 29, 2020
Location McLean, Virginia; Houston, Texas; New York, New York; Bethesda, Maryland; Chicago, Illinois
McLean 1 (19050), United States of America, McLean, Virginia
At Capital One, we’re building a leading information-based technology company. Still founder-led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank, Capital One is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. We measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are succeeding because they are succeeding.

Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. Together, we are on a quest to change banking for good.

Commercial Rotation Program Intern - Summer 2021
Capital One’s Commercial Banking group is a passionate and entrepreneurial team embracing bold ideas and fostering collaboration to deliver great products. Today, the Commercial Bank services a $70 billion loan portfolio, serving more than 6,100 clients. We span several lines of business to deliver strategic client solutions by driving digital innovations that transform businesses and industries.



Commercial Intern Program:

As an intern, you’ll have the opportunity to help drive projects and transactions that accelerate the growth of the Commercial Bank.



Over the course of your 10 weeks with us, you’ll gain a strong understanding of the Commercial Banking business and the multitude of components supporting it. Along with hands-on training, direct deal and project experience, you’ll also receive mentorship from senior leaders, networking opportunities, and exposure to executives across the entire Commercial Bank.

You’ll also get a chance to make lasting impressions through collaboration with your team and colleagues on client deliverables and strategic business initiatives. Whether your role is assisting on a new product roll out, participating in financial statement analysis, or reviewing credit and risk exposures, your work will have a direct impact.



Roles and Responsibilities:

Company and market research to conduct quantitative and/or qualitative financial projections and forecasting

Development and execution of business process optimization projects

Industry research and macro trend analysis for Bank strategy initiatives

Loan proposals and credit file review for critical elements such as compliance, accuracy and credit risk

Development of presentations for delivery of project, deal and/or financial updates to clients and leadership

Participation in client experience improvement priorities

Ability to work in a fast-paced, collaborative and dynamic environment



An ideal candidate would possess:

Exceptional interpersonal, verbal communication and writing skills

Strong quantitative, analytical, problem solving and conceptual skills

Examples of demonstrated leadership and team-oriented traits



Capital One’s Commercial Bank is committed to being an industry leader, driving game-changing initiatives through innovation and collaboration. We’re looking for interns who want to be part of this fast-paced, strategically-growing business that is changing the way companies manage their complex financial needs.



Locations include but are not exclusive to: Chicago, IL; Houston, TX; New York, NY; and Washington D.C. Metro Area (McLean, VA; Bethesda, MD). Intern placement in each location is determined by business demand.



This is a paid internship.



Basic Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree or higher obtained between December 2021 and August 2022



At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.

No agencies please. Capital One is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, physical and mental disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; New York City’s Fair Chance Act; Philadelphia’s Fair Criminal Records Screening Act; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries.
If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

For technical support or questions about Capital One's recruiting process, please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com

Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.

Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).
