Job details
Description
Measurement Technician

Job Scope:
Conducts field measurement activities. Maintain and calibrate measurement equipment. Responsible for proving and troubleshooting metering equipment. Proficient in all aspects of

custody transfer measurement. Position will be subject to call outs for work associated with Plains field operations and/or emergency response. Normally reports to Operation Supervisor or District

Manager.

Job Specifications:
Knowledge, Skills, Education and Experience:
Must have a high school diploma or equivalent with strong communication, interpersonal skills and the ability to perform basic math. Must be able to read and comprehend technical

operational manuals. Should have a good mechanical and electrical aptitude. Must have

good computer skills. Experience with Microsoft office suite with strong emphasis on Excel and/or other spreadsheet applications. Become proficient in applicable crude oil and products accounting systems. Have a detailed understanding of Plains measurement policies and API measurement standards. Have a thorough understanding of measurement equipment and components.

Certifications and Training:
Must be able to successfully complete Haz-Mat training, safety awareness training and any related required training and certifications.

Must have a valid driver’s license

Good understanding of applicable API measurement standards.

Special Equipment and Tools Used Requiring Application Knowledge:
Will have experience with instrumentation and/or related pipeline measurement equipment

(i.e. flow computers, hydrometer, thermometer, pressure gauges, photo-pulses and personal computer software operations to track and document work).

Interface with Others:

Typically interfaces with measurement and operations personnel from outside companies, as well as internal supervisors, maintenance personnel, control center personnel, and

others. Must be able to work effectively as a team member.

Physical Demands:

Occasionally lifts or carries moderately heavy equipment or parts and positions them during maintenance activities. May have to work in confined spaces, working and stooping,

kneeling, bending, climbing and walking distances in all types of terrain.

Working Conditions:

Works outdoors in open environment with extremes of heat and cold

Major Responsibilities



Major Responsibilities

Associated Tasks

1. Maintenance

-   Perform required maintenance

-   Coordinate with ENI tech to recalibrate tank radar and temperature gauges if out of spec.

-   Monthly Pressure and Temperature checks on all meters and provers.

-   Test all block and bleed valves for no leak by integrity on a quarterly basis.

-    Required to keep lab stocked with necessary items (pipettes, Karl Fisher Solution, sulfur cells, Etc.) to run lab analysis.



2. Measurement activities

-   Calibrate and prove meters per Plains

measurement standards

-   Maintains and analyzes prover reports and other documentation related to meter proving and related equipment operations as required. Records must comply with all applicable regulations and standards.

-   Support pipeline operators for ticket writing, tank gauging, and other required custody transfer activities

-   In charge of end of month inventory and sometimes   mid-month inventory if necessary.

-   Maintain lab and field measurement equipment certifications



Job Level Criteria (If applicable)
The skills, experience, training and responsibilities for each level are assumed to “carry over” and be incorporated into the successive job levels.



Job Level

Level Criteria

Level I

•     Perform crude oil or refined products measurement functions (i.e., tank gauging, meter proving, meter proving as a witness, meter readings, etc.

•     Maintain accurate documentation as applicable to the job function.

•     Ability to interpret station drawings, flow path diagrams, P&IDs, alignment sheets, etc.

•     Maintain security and integrity of custody transfer sites

•     Works with other company representatives regarding measurement and ticket writing.

•     Other duties as assigned

Level II

•     Must perform all Level I Measurement Technician duties

•     Works effectively with minimal supervision

•     Perform qualitative crude oil measurement test (i.e., water by distillation and sediment by filtration, centrifuge, Karl Fisher, sulfur, viscosity, RVP/TVP

•     Ability to calculate meter factors and troubleshoot meter problems

•     Basic understanding of fluid hydraulics and the effect of temperature as they relate to the pipeline

•     Other duties as assigned

Level III

•     Must perform all Level and Level II Measurement Technician duties

•     Works effectively without supervision

•     Perform barrel adjustments as necessary due to measurement equipment failure

•     Perform maintenance and repair on meters

•     Coordinate and schedule third party proving, water draws and other measurement related projects

•     Trouble shoot and calibrate electronic measurement equipment

•     Install sampling systems and set required sample rate
