About AbbVie
AbbVie’s mission is to discover and deliver innovative medicines that solve serious health issues today and address the medical challenges of tomorrow. We strive to have a remarkable impact on people’s lives across several key therapeutic areas: immunology, oncology, neuroscience, eye care, virology, women’s health and gastroenterology, in addition to products and services across its Allergan Aesthetics portfolio. For more information about AbbVie, please visit us at www.abbvie.com. Follow @abbvie on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn.

The Senior Financial Analyst AFP&A consolidates all the AbbVie planning processes including the Annual Plan, Long-Range Plan (LRP) and Latest Best Estimates (LBEs) timely and in a high quality manner.   The Senior Financial Analyst AFP&A is part of a team of 3 that rotate deliverables in executing responsibilities.



Key Responsibilities Include:

Developing AbbVie’s consolidated income statement, balance sheet, cash flow, and sales analysis for the Plan, Updates, Long Range Plans, and Latest Best Estimates.
Providing analytical support for the consolidation and function as a liaison between Corporate Financial Planning & Analysis, all Functional Organizations, Corporate Reporting, Treasury, and Tax with regard to consolidation issues, analytics, and ad-hoc requests.
Maintaining TM1 system to ensure accuracy and leverage the system for increased efficiency of analytical support.
Assembling of financial analysis packages for the Executive Suite and Board of Directors.
Provide Ad-hoc support for management analysis and special projects.




The candidate will have a strong knowledge of accounting/financial principles, and strong financial analysis skills. This position supports AbbVie executive management and requires accuracy and attention to detail.   Must demonstrate a high ability to identify and resolve financial/system issues independently and implement solutions.


Qualifications
Basic:

BA/BS in Finance or Accounting required.  MBA/CPA beneficial.
A minimum of four years finance and/or accounting experience; 4-6 years preferred.
Strong organizational, analytical, and problem solving skills.
Extensive interpersonal skills with various levels of management and excellent verbal and written communication skills including a high energy level.
Strong Excel and PowerPoint skills.
The ability to manage and coordinate multiple activities and shifting priorities under tight timeframes.

Significant Work Activities
N/A
Travel
No
Job Type
Experienced
Schedule
Full-time
Job Level Code
IC
Equal Employment Opportunity
At AbbVie, we value bringing together individuals from diverse backgrounds to develop new and innovative solutions for patients. As an equal opportunity employer we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy), physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, protected veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristic.
