About AbbVie
AbbVie’s mission is to discover and deliver innovative medicines that solve serious health issues today and address the medical challenges of tomorrow. We strive to have a remarkable impact on people’s lives across several key therapeutic areas: immunology, oncology, neuroscience, eye care, virology, women’s health and gastroenterology, in addition to products and services across its Allergan Aesthetics portfolio. For more information about AbbVie, please visit us at www.abbvie.com. Follow @abbvie on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn.

AbbVie is looking for an accomplished patent litigator with great judgment and communication skills and with a demonstrated ability to strategically manage an active docket of global patent litigation cases. The ideal candidate will be a self-starter who can quickly learn AbbVie’s products and IP assets and get up and running with his or her own set of cases. Located at the company’s headquarters in North Chicago, IL, this attorney will report to the head of AbbVie’s IP Litigation Group.

Overview
As a member of AbbVie’s patent litigation group you will not just monitor outside counsel. Instead, you will be directly engaged in developing and driving strategy for all of your matters.  You will provide counsel to internal clients on patent litigation matters and other issues such as licensing disputes.  You are required to have a high degree of self-sufficiency and independent judgment, but you will operate as part of a collaborative team of attorneys, paralegals and support staff, all working closely to protect AbbVie’s interests.

Key Responsibilities
Managing AbbVie’s U.S. and international patent litigation matters, driving strategy with outside counsel and partnering with key internal clients;
Participating in key litigation proceedings, including depositions, hearings, mediations, arbitrations, settlement conferences, and trials.
Providing expert counsel on all patent litigation and related issues;
Advising senior management on a broad range of key global patent litigation issues;
Negotiating and drafting settlement agreements.
Depending on the successful candidate’s experience, this position will be hired at a Sr. Counsel or Counsel level


Qualifications
Qualifications
A Juris Doctorate and admission to practice in at least one state required
7+ years of major law firm and/or in-house patent litigation experience
Excellent communication, analytical, organization, and negotiation skills, including the ability to convey and discuss intellectual property issues in understandable terms.
Creative thinking and problem solving skills.
Strong interest and aptitude in science.
Preference will be given to candidates who have significant Chemistry, Biochemistry, Biology, Biomedical Engineering, Chemical Engineering experience


Significant Work Activities
N/A
Travel
No
Job Type
Experienced
Schedule
Full-time
Job Level Code
D
Equal Employment Opportunity
At AbbVie, we value bringing together individuals from diverse backgrounds to develop new and innovative solutions for patients. As an equal opportunity employer we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy), physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, protected veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristic.
