Job Description
About AbbVie
AbbVie’s mission is to discover and deliver innovative medicines that solve serious health issues today and address the medical challenges of tomorrow. We strive to have a remarkable impact on people’s lives across several key therapeutic areas: immunology, oncology, neuroscience, eye care, virology, women’s health and gastroenterology, in addition to products and services across its Allergan Aesthetics portfolio. For more information about AbbVie, please visit us at www.abbvie.com. Follow @abbvie on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn.



Economically and efficiently partner with AbbVie R&D to execute a variety of agreements in compliance with all applicable policies, procedures, and objectives.
Under supervision, responsible for working with cross functional teams including Legal to draft, negotiate and execute a variety of R&D agreements such as confidentiality, consulting, statements of work, lab/service agreements and material transfer agreements that maximize value and support R&D business needs and activities on time.
Understand cost drivers associated with contract types and drive negotiations that ensure the best value for quality, pricing, and service. Manage effective interactions with external suppliers/partners.
Responsible for appropriate utilization of templates and budgeting tools/systems where applicable.
Maintain necessary documentation for all contract types as required by AbbVie policies and procedures to ensure contract compliance.
Responsible for communication of status of negotiations with key internal and external stakeholders in a timely manner. Also responsible for the timely communication of contract issues to stakeholders that could impact project timelines.
Ensure compliance with finance, legal, policies, etc.
Participates in ongoing process improvement initiatives when appropriate.
Promote AbbVie as the partner of choice in all external communications and dealings to build the AbbVie brand.



Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree is required; Science degree is preferred but not required. Paralegal certification or equivalent experience is highly preferred.

2-5 years of related industry experience, Pharmaceutical or academic technology transfer experience is highly preferred.

Must have demonstrated ability in negotiation skills, project management skills and effective communication and relationship management abilities.

Must have attention to detail along with an understanding of the quality/compliance environment.

Customer support focused expertise is highly desirable.

The ability to manage internal and external relationships is a key success factor for this position.






Significant Work Activities
N/A
Travel
No
Job Type
Experienced
Schedule
Full-time
Job Level Code
IC
Equal Employment Opportunity
At AbbVie, we value bringing together individuals from diverse backgrounds to develop new and innovative solutions for patients. As an equal opportunity employer we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy), physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, protected veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristic.
Apply
Share Job
