Job Description
Position Purpose: Seeking a Full-Stack Developer to help support our Global Payments Division.

Primary Accountabilities/Responsibilities:

Developing and maintaining high-quality software products supporting the organization’s standards and infrastructure, using Microsoft .NET Framework, SQL and integrated system components
Supporting and complying with documented software process and procedure requirements spanning all phases of software product life cycle
Participating in meetings with other team members to design and develop high-quality, object-oriented business objects; and conducting research and evaluation of software-related technologies and products
Collaborating with other team members
Managing your own work time and priorities in accordance with aggressive development deadlines, best practices and a quality/delivery methodology, such as Agile Development, that includes development standards
Job Requirements:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field
12+ years of experience with .NET Framework development, C# and SQL Server
A deep understanding and working knowledge in the following areas of development:
Developing applications on the .NET Framework using C#. This includes a deep understanding of the various components and features of the .NET framework and related technologies
Building multi-tier, data-driven applications for the web. This includes knowledge of web frameworks, client-server architecture, web protocols and familiarity with client-side languages such as HTML and JavaScript. Developing with ASP.NET Web-Forms and MVC.
Object-Oriented Design & Development
Agile Development Techniques
SQL Server, writing complex queries, stored procedures and UDFs.
HTML, JavaScript, Ajax, CSS
Software Versioning system such as SVN and Git
Common class libraries
Web Services and service-oriented applications
LINQ
ADO.NET
Unit Testing
Exposure and working knowledge of Microsoft Azure
Docker Containers with Kubernetes
Python Programming fundamentals
Exposure to ORM’s like Entity Framework or Dapper.NET
Knowledge of CI/CD pipeline process and applications
Exposure to messaging protocol systems
Conceptual knowledge of Design Patterns
Development experience in Financial Services is nice to have. In financial services, exposure to internet banking platform, FIX protocol, SWIFT, ISO20022, bulk file processing are some of the areas we work on. Knowledge / experience in those would be good to have.
Physical requirements/Working conditions:

Climate controlled office environment
Minimal physical requirements other than occasional light lifting of boxed materials
Dynamic, time-sensitive environment
Some travel as needed


We encourage applicants of all ages and experience, as we do not discriminate on the basis of the applicant's age.
