Job Description
About INTL FCStone, Inc and the FX & Interest Rates Division

With 1500+ employees operating in more than 130 countries, INTL FCStone, Inc is a global diversified financial services organization providing execution, risk management and advisory services, market intelligence and clearing services across asset classes and markets around the world. We are a Fortune 500 Company, publicly traded on NASDAQ (INTL).

Our swap dealer subsidiary, INTL FCStone Markets, LLC provides best-in-class advisory services and unparalleled access to deep OTC liquidity in every major currency, as well as commodities and interest rate derivatives (in USD/EUR/MXN). The FX & Interest Rates team works closely with corporate clients, lending and depository institutions, and institutional traders to reach markets in the most efficient way possible. While most of the FX industry is in turmoil, our business is growing rapidly. Come join our winning team!

Location: This position can sit nearly anywhere in the US

Position Summary

We are currently seeking to hire experienced sales traders and teams to help expand our world-class institutional foreign exchange offering in the following areas:

Agency Trade Execution Services – Our global footprint brings together a large and diversified FX client base, allows us to serve as a discreet, neutral executing broker with access to the deepest liquidity in the world. Take your agency execution business to the next level by leveraging our relationships and infrastructure.
Prime Brokerage Solutions (including our aggregated liquidity) – With INTL FCStone serving as their central FX clearing counterparty, your clients can reach tighter spreads and deeper liquidity across spot, options and NDF’s. Our prime-of-prime model allows clients to anonymously access dozens of counterparties and dark pools, plus every major ECN, under the INTL FCStone name.
Customized FX Access & Liquidity – Our unique position as one of the only non-bank U.S. swap dealers (provisionally registered with the CFTC) allows us to develop creative solutions to any FX trading, brokerage, or liquidity concern.
​Requirements

Must have strong institutional FX relationships and an existing book of business
Must be authorized to work in the United States.
Compensation

We offer extremely competitive payouts and a variety of growth and cross-selling opportunities for ambitious professionals. Additional benefits include health, dental, transit, life/disability, and highly flexible work schedules.
Physical requirements/Working conditions:

Climate controlled office environment
Minimal physical requirements other than occasional light lifting of boxed materials
Dynamic, time-sensitive environment
Some travel as needed
About Us
StoneX (formerly known as INTL FCStone) is an institutional-grade financial services network that connects companies, organizations and investors to the global markets ecosystem through a unique blend of digital platforms, end-to-end clearing and execution services, high-touch service and deep expertise.  We provide access to 36 derivatives exchanges, 175 foreign exchange markets, nearly every global securities marketplace and a number of bi-lateral liquidity venues. We deliver this access with support throughout the entire lifecycle of a trade – from consulting and “boots-on-the-ground” intelligence, to best execution, to post-trade clearing, custody and settlement. In these ways, StoneX enables clients to use the global markets ecosystem to achieve their business goals through one trusted partner.  We currently serve more than 30,000 commercial, institutional and payments clients, and more than 125,000 retail clients across more than 130 countries.  Our clients use our institutional-grade digital platforms, our high-touch service, and our market intelligence to pursue trading opportunities, make investments efficiently, manage their market risks, and improve their business performance. Our relentless focus on helping them accomplish these objectives has enabled us to build deeply valued, long-term relationships based on guidance, integrity, transparency and trust.

StoneX Group Inc. is an  Equal Opportunity Employer.  Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
