Job Description
Position Purpose:  The Equity/Options Compliance Officer will support the Firm’s sales and trading program by providing compliance guidance regarding general sales and trading of cash equities and listed options.

Location(s): Winter Park, FL or New York, NY

Primary Accountabilities/Responsibilities:

Provide real-time compliance advice to the equity/option trading and Prime Brokerage personnel
Identifies and interprets SEC, FINRA and self-regulatory organization rules and regulations to ensure firm policies and procedures comply with appropriate laws, regulations and industry guidance
Ensure procedure are appropriately documented and referenced in the Firm’s compliance manuals and written supervisory procedures;
Enhance Firm’s internal program by implementing periodic reviews to help ensure compliance with FINRA Rule 3110 and 3120
Identify regulatory trends and development, advise the business on how such trends and development may impact their current activities, and work with the business to implement and required changes to business-owned policy or practices
Maintain the regulatory files for Compliance, ensures that each file is accurate, updated and readily accessible.
Assist in SRO examination and inquires and responding to regulatory inquires
Assist with escalated surveillance exceptions and resolve with surveillance analysts and supervisory personnel.
Develop and provide compliance training on relevant regulatory matters
Advise front office support functions such as middle and back office on implementation of regulatory initiatives.
Ensure that the Firm’s in compliance with CAT, OATS, LTID, CMTA, Bluesheets, Reg SHO, and various other regulatory rules by conducting periodic audits
Maintain prompt and regular attendance
This list of responsibilities may not be all-inclusive and can be expanded to include other duties or responsibilities as needed. Provide real-time compliance advice to senior management and sales/trading personnel regarding Firm policies and procedures, relevant industry rules and regulations and appropriate supervisory practices
Role Responsibilities

Provide real-time compliance advice to senior management and sales/trading personnel regarding Firm policies and procedures, relevant industry rules and regulations and appropriate supervisory practices.
Ensure that the Firm's compliance and supervisory policies and procedures are implemented or updated in response to regulatory changes and that the relevant personnel are notified/ trained regarding the changes on a timely basis.
Assist with escalated surveillance exceptions and resolve with surveillance analysts and supervisory personnel.
Assist in SRO examinations (e.g., FINRA, NFA, and SEC) and responding to regulatory inquiries.
Liaise with external counsel, legal, regulators, compliance colleagues, and internal support personnel as required
Develop and provide compliance training on relevant regulatory matters - includes annual compliance training and ad hoc compliance training sessions.
Advise front office and support functions (technology, middle- and back- office departments) on implementation of regulatory initiatives.
Job Requirements:

College graduate or equivalent
5 years of financial industry experience preferred
Series 7 and Series 24, preferred
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Emphasis on attention to details
Ability to take initiative in completing assigned tasks
Ability to complete tasks in a timely manner and meet deadlines
Proficient knowledge of Microsoft Office including Excel
Excellent organization and multitasking skills.
Strong work ethic
Must be authorized to work in the US for any employer
Physical requirements/Working conditions:
Climate controlled office environment
Minimal physical requirements other than occasional light lifting of boxed materials
Dynamic, time-sensitive environment

INTL FCStone Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.


About Us
StoneX (formerly known as INTL FCStone) is an institutional-grade financial services network that connects companies, organizations and investors to the global markets ecosystem through a unique blend of digital platforms, end-to-end clearing and execution services, high-touch service and deep expertise.  We provide access to 36 derivatives exchanges, 175 foreign exchange markets, nearly every global securities marketplace and a number of bi-lateral liquidity venues. We deliver this access with support throughout the entire lifecycle of a trade – from consulting and “boots-on-the-ground” intelligence, to best execution, to post-trade clearing, custody and settlement. In these ways, StoneX enables clients to use the global markets ecosystem to achieve their business goals through one trusted partner.  We currently serve more than 30,000 commercial, institutional and payments clients, and more than 125,000 retail clients across more than 130 countries.  Our clients use our institutional-grade digital platforms, our high-touch service, and our market intelligence to pursue trading opportunities, make investments efficiently, manage their market risks, and improve their business performance. Our relentless focus on helping them accomplish these objectives has enabled us to build deeply valued, long-term relationships based on guidance, integrity, transparency and trust.

StoneX Group Inc. is an  Equal Opportunity Employer.  Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
